<title>:Premier League: Newcastle make it four wins in a row with 2-0 victory over West Brom at the Hawthorns

<content>:
Newcastle continued their recent resurgence with a 2-0 win over West Brom at the Hawthorns to move up to eighth spot in the table.

Ayoze Perez's goal on the stroke of half-time set Newcastle on their way - his third Premier League goal in the last three games.
Captain Fabricio Coloccini doubled the lead just past the hour mark to give Alan Pardew's side their fifth successive win in all competitions - including their League Cup triumph over Manchester City.

The three-point haul moves Newcastle level with Manchester United, while West Brom remain in 13th spot heading into the international break.

After a quiet start Newcastle went close to scoring on ten minutes when Andre Wisdom's poor clearance fell to Sammy Ameobi on the edge of the box and he curled in a shot which clipped the top of the crossbar with Ben Foster well beaten in the West Brom goal.

West Brom created their first chance of the game on 16 minutes when Saido Berahino linked up with strike partner Victor Anichebe on the edge of the box and fired in a shot which Tim Krul just about palmed over the crossbar.

The home side fashioned another opening four minutes later when Graham Dorrans got free down the right and picked out Chris Brunt inside the box, but the midfielder could not his the target with a header.

Newcastle broke the deadlock right on the stroke of half-time with a goal of real quality from in-form striker Perez to light up the first half.
                
Remy Cabella picked out Daryl Janmaat's run down the right and he fired over a low cross which Perez brilliantly backheeled into the corner from 12 yards out.

West Brom tried to raise the tempo in the second half and Krul had a lucky escape when he misjudged Brunt's ball towards Anichebe, missing it altogether, and he was relieved to see Paul Dummett on hand to clear the danger.

Youssouf Mulumbu had a sight of goal for West Brom on the hour mark when he picked up a loose pass from Sissoko, but he dragged his shot wide.
                
Two minutes later and Newcastle grabbed a second goal with Janmaat again the provider as he fired over a superb cross for Coloccini to head down into the ground past Foster with his first goal in over three years.

West Brom wasted a great chance to reduce the arrears on on 79 minutes when the ball fell to Wisdom inside the box, but the defender got his shot all wrong as he blazed it horribly wide of the target.

Newcastle went close to a third goal four minutes from time when Perez's volley was brilliantly tipped over the crossbar by Foster, but it did not matter as the visitors ran out comfortable winners.
	