<title>:Premier League: Swansea leave it late to beat Queens Park Rangers 2-0 at Liberty Stadium

<content>:
Queens Park Rangers' dismal away form continued as two Swansea strikes in the final 15 minutes condemned the Londoners to their seventh consecutive away defeat in the Premier League.

Ki Sung-yueng's 78th-minute drive off the post, from the unlikeliest of angles, finally broke Rob Green's resolve in the Rangers goal.

Wayne Routledge's accurate finish five minutes later wrapped up the points for the hosts and lifted the Swans above Arsenal into sixth in the table.

For the best part of 80 minutes another frustrating outing appeared to be on the cards for Garry Monk's side as former England international Green produced one of the goalkeeping performances of the season during a somewhat uneventful opening 45 minutes in south Wales.
In-form striker Wilfried Bony saw numerous attempts thwarted as too did Gylfi Sigurdsson, whose fierce near-post free-kick required the use of goal-line technology to ascertain whether it had crossed the line - somehow Green had clawed the ball out.

But in the end the pressure told for Rangers who failed to produce anything more than a handful of clear-cut chances as Monk's side atoned for Saturday's disappointing draw with Crystal Palace to rightfully claim the three points their bright and persistent performance deserved.

After Niko Krancjar had failed to keep his inviting first-minute free-kick on target Swansea took notice and quickly settled into their dominating possession game, limiting their opponents to fleeting ventures into opposition territory.

Slick in possession and determined to stretch the Rangers defence, Swansea turned to their wide players Routledge and Jefferson Montero to unlock the resolute Rangers defence.

Green made the first of a series of superb saves when Kyle Bartleys thundering near-post header was parried away in the eight minute. The rebound fell to Bony who was unable to adjust his feet and steer a second shot on target.

Montero was keen to test his Rangers marker Nedum Onuoha at every opportunity and he started another free-flowing move which ended with Neil Taylor squaring to Sigurdsson and the Icelandic international's shot squirming wide courtesy of a deflection off Joey Barton.
                