<title>Newcastle 0-1 Man United: Evans and Cisse accused of spitting as visitors leave it late...</title>
<content>
Manchester United gained a vital 1-0 victory against Newcastle thanks to Ashley Young's late strike, but the match was overshadowed by allegations of spitting against Jonny Evans and Papiss Cisse.

Tim Krul's inspired form kept the visitors at bay until the 89th minute but it was the Dutchmans error that handed three points to the visitors when he passed the ball straight to Young to tap into an empty net.



Louis van Gaal's side stay fourth after extending a run that has seen them lose just twice in 22 games in all competitions but defender Evans, as well as Newcastle striker Cisse could face FA action for their involvement in a first-half altercation.


After the duo were caught in a tangle for the ball, Evans appeared to spit in Cisse's direction, before the striker seemed to respond in similar fashion.



Referee Anthony Taylor didn't see the incident and also denied a strong penalty claim for Newcastle when Chris Smalling tripped Emmanuel Riviere in the box just 10 minutes in.



Newcastle were given a lift after the break when Jonas Gutierrez came on to make his first appearance since recovering from testicular cancer.
                


The midfielder was booked two minutes after his introduction for a foul on Adnan Januzaj, who had replaced Angel Di Maria shortly before the hour-mark on another difficult night for the Argentine.



United created the better chances as they looked to strengthen their grip on fourth place but struggled to find a way past Krul.



The keeper made a brilliant double save to deny Marouane Fellaini and Young in the second half before stopping a powerful header from the tireless Wayne Rooney.



Newcastle's best chance of the match came when Cisse dragged his effort wide after being played in by substitute Ayoze Perez.



Cisse had another opportunity to level the score at the death, but it was Young's strike that proved decisive as United maintained their push for a top-four finish with only their fourth league win on the road this term.

 Dwight Yorke's verdict 

Manchester United had a few chances but they had a few scares as well. It was a stonewall penalty for Emmanuel Riviere in the first 10 minutes - a real clumsy challenge by Chris Smalling. But time and time again United, somehow, do it. It wasn't vintage and Angel di Maria struggled again but Wayne Rooney was outstanding in terms of his hold-up play, determination and leadership.

 Player ratings 

 Newcastle United: Krul (7), Janmaat (6), Coloccini (6), Williamson (6), R.Taylor (6), Obertan (6), Sissoko (7), Abeid (6), Ameobi (6), Riviere (5), Cisse (5).

 Subs: Gutierrez (6), Perez (7), Gouffran (5).

 Manchester United: De Gea (7), Valencia (6), Smalling (6), Evans (6), Rojo (6), Blind (7), Herrera (7), Di Maria (5), Fellaini (7), Young (7), Rooney (6).

 Subs:  Januzaj (6), Mata (5), Carrick (5).

 Man of the match:  Marouane  Fellaini
	</content>