<title>:Rio Ferdinand in disappointing QPR debut as Hull City spoil Premier League return

<content>:
Rio Ferdinand endured a QPR debut to forget as Hull City spoiled Rangers' return to the Premier League, coming away with a 1-0 win.
The striker could have tried a long-range shot into the open net but instead heteed up Jordon Mutch at the back post, who missed the ball completely on hisweaker right foot.

Remy, who was lacklustre early on, grew into the game and started causingHull's back three problems with his direct running in behind.

Just before the half-hour mark, the striker earned a free-kick on the edge of the area which Joey Barton clipped into the side-netting, and moments later he again broke free to find Mutch, who headed narrowly wide.
                
QPR continued to look the more likely scorers and almost broke the deadlockbefore half-time as Steven Caulker rose highest to a corner, but his header wascleared off the line by Andrew Robertson.

The home side started the second half brightly but it was Hull who grabbed theopener in the 52nd minute when Chester out-muscled Ferdinand andheaded home.
                
Rangers responded positively to going behind but, for all their possession andforward-running, were unable to carve out a decisive chance.

Instead, it was the visitors who should have doubled their lead when Tom Ince was put through on the counter-attack, but the 22-year-old's tame finish was blocked by the legs of Rob Green.

Redknapp threw on Junior Hoilett, Bobby Zamora and Matt Phillips in the latter stages in search of an equaliser, and it was Hoilett who earned his side a spot-kick when his cross was adjudged to have struck the hand of Chester six minutes from time.

Austin stepped up and fired low to McGregor's right but the Hull keeper readthe shot and palmed the ball away.

Zamora and Remy both had chances to equalise in the dying moments but the former took too long and the latter was denied by McGregor as Hull held on for all three points.
