<title>:Premier League: Burnley out of the relegation zone after 1-0 win over Southampton

<content>:
Burnley moved out of the Premier League relegation zone after Ashley Barnes second-half strike handed the hosts a 1-0 victory against Southampton.

However, goalkeeper Tom Heaton was arguably the hero for the home side after he saved Dusan Tadics penalty on the hour mark.
Burnley went on to capitalise with 17 minutes to go as a defensive horror show from Southampton, who are on a run of four straight league defeats, allowed Barnes to ghost in unmarked and the 25-year-olds deflected shot beat Fraser Forster at his near post.

Sean Dyches men worked tirelessly to hold on to their advantage in the closing stages and it was to be their day as they picked up their first Premier League win in December to move one point clear of the relegation zone.

Dyche resisted the temptation to make unnecessary changes after his side lost to relegation rivals QPR last Saturday and the move paid dividends as Burnley looked to make amends right from the first whistle.

Danny Ings was clearly fired up for the clash against his former club and saw an early sight of goal after good work from George Boyd down the Burnley right, but the England Under-21 striker could not direct his header on target.
                 
Just minutes later, the 22-year-old was driving at the heart of the visitors defence again and this time he had Forster scrambling, but his powerful drive crept inches past the post.

Burnley were starting to pile on the pressure and were having plenty of joy down the right as Kieran Trippier sent in two dangerous crosses which Jose Fonte and Nathaniel Clyne had to deal with.

Midway through the first half, Southampton started to find their passing range, but James Hesketh, on his first senior start, and Ryan Bertrand could not trouble Heaton in the Burnley goal.

Clattenburg had no hesitation in pointing to the spot and up stepped Tadic, but Heaton, who saved two of the six penalties he faced last season, was up to the task, diving low to his left to tip the shot round the post.
