<title>:Premier League: Kevin Mirallas misses first-half penalty as Everton are held 0-0 at home by West Brom

<content>:
Everton were held to a 0-0 draw by West Brom after Kevin Mirallas missed a first-half penalty, maintaining Tony Pulis unbeaten start as Baggies boss.
In a game of few opportunities, Mirallas put the ball wide from the spot following Joleon Lescotts handball, having taken over the duty from usual taker Leighton Baines. The Belgian was then substituted minutes later at half-time.

The result leaves Everton without a win eight games in all competitions, sitting in 12th place in the Premier League, a point above West Brom.
                
Tony Pulis set out to contain the hosts throughout the first half, and succeeded in keeping opportunities to a minimum.

Mirallas tested the goalkeeper on two occasions, while Romelu Lukaku saw an effort blocked from just inside the area.

At the other end, West Brom rarely caused goalkeeper Joel Robles any problems throughout the first period.
                
But the hosts were awarded a penalty after former Everton man Lescott handled in the area under no pressure from a blue shirt, giving Michael Oliver no choice but to point to the spot.

But despite missing just one of his 16 penalties in the Premier League, Baines was brushed aside in favour of Mirallas, who struck the ball wide via the left-hand post. Mirallas was then brought off at half-time by manager Roberto Martinez for Bryan Oviedo.
                
Everton were again reduced to half-chances and blocked efforts after the break, and a goalmouth melee from a Baines corner was the closest either side came to a goal before the closing stages.

Lukaku had Evertons best chance of the first half, lashing the ball wide after being found 12 yards out in space by Steven Naismith.

West Broms first chance fell to Stephane Sessegnon following good work by Andre Wisdom, but the Benin international's effort flew wide of Robles goal.
                
The Baggies held on despite a flurry of late Everton corners to move above Aston Villa into 14th place in the Premier League.

 Player ratings 

 Everton : Robles (6), Coleman (6), Stones (6), Jagielka (6), Baines (6), Besic (7), Barry (6), Mirallas (5), Barkley (5), Naismith (6), Lukaku (6)
                
 Subs : Oviedo (6), Kone (6)

 West Brom : Foster (7), Wisdom (6), McAuley (7), Lescott (7), Baird (7), Morrison (7), Yacob (8), Gardner (6), Brunt (7), Berahino (6), Anichebe (7).

 Subs : Ideye (6), Dorrans (6), Sessegnon (6)

 Man of the match : Claudio Yacob
	