<title>:Premier League: Diego Costa scores hat-trick as Chelsea beat Swansea 4-2

<content>:
Diego Costa continued his stunning start to his Chelsea career by plundering a hat-trick as the Premier League leaders ended Swansea Citys perfect start to the season with a 4-2 win at Stamford Bridge.

John Terrys early own goal had gifted Swansea the lead before Costas treble took his tally to seven goals in four games and debutant Loic Remy also weighed in with a goal.

Swansea were the better team in the first half and edged in front on 11 minutes when Neil Taylors teasing low cross was turned into his own net by Chelsea captain Terry.

Chelsea equalised in the final minute of the half when Cesc Fabregas corner was powerfully headed home by Costa, who became the first player since Mick Quinn in 1992 to score in his first four Premier League appearances.
The 32million summer signing - a man Mourinho chased for a year - lurked behind Ivanovic before meeting a Fabregas corner with a low, firm header.

Mourinho was clearly not satisfied with seeing his team reach the interval level as World Cup winner Schurrle was replaced by Ramires.

Amat, treading a fine line against Costa, went off for Federico Fernandez for Swansea.

Costa immediately tested Swansea's defence, his effort from a corner ballooning over off Ivanovic.

Soon Chelsea - and Costa - had a second after a one-two between Fabregas and Hazard on the left edge of the Swansea box.

In a combination that is becoming familiar even at this early stage in the season, Fabregas laid on the assist, pulling the ball back for Costa to finish clinically.

Shelvey sliced wide and Gomis was unable to lift the ball over the onrushing Thibaut Courtois, who had a quiet second half as he celebrated his new five-year contract.

Courtois watched from afar as Costa struck once more when Ramires scuffed his shot into the path of the striker, who pounced to complete his hat-trick.

Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich smiled widely and joined in the applause as Costa departed after 72 minutes for Remy to make his debut.

Remy, signed only after Fernando Torres' loan move to AC Milan, quickly made his mark, tucking in Oscar's pass.

Shelvey pulled a goal back with four minutes to play after substitute Bony's incisive pass.

Mourinho tucked the ball under his arm after it entered his technical area from the restart and Swansea could not breach the Chelsea defence again.
