<title>:Premier League: Sub Dusan Tadic grabs winner for Southampton at Manchester United

<content>:
Southampton leapfrogged Manchester United into third place in the Premier League as substitute Dusan Tadics second-half goal gave Ronald Koemans side a 1-0 win at Old Trafford.

Robin van Persies blocked effort from a dangerous position was the best chance of a quiet first half, and Southamptons resilience paid off in the second.
After Graziano Pelle had hit the post with 69 minutes gone, Tadic, who had only been introduced six minutes before, rolled the rebound home past Tyler Blackett for the games only goal.

Juan Mata had two opportunities to bring United level late on, but the visitors held firm and now lead fourth-place United by two points.

Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal left Radamel Falcao out of the side altogether, but welcomed back Daley Blind from injury and named new signing Victor Valdes among the substitutes.
                 
But the first half was bereft of clear chances as Southampton, who had never previously won at Old Trafford in the Premier League, pressed the hosts in all areas of the pitch.

The visitors had the first half-chance of the game, Nathaniel Clyne cutting through on the right having played a nice one-two with Pelle, but the Englishmans low effort went wide of David de Geas goal.

But Southampton were forced to make a change in their defence in the opening 20 minutes after Toby Alderweireld went down in agony having stretched to cut out Angel di Marias through ball, making way for Florin Gardos.
                 
The best chance of the half fell to Van Persie, whose shot, after being found inside the area by Wayne Rooney, was blocked by Gardos and collected by Fraser Forster.

The second half looked like following the flow of the first, but it took Saints to score for the game to come to life.

Tadic was brought on for debutant Eljero Elia, and immediately made an impact, offloading for Pelle to hit the post before converting the rebound past the outstretched leg of Blackett on the line from 15 yards.
                 
Uniteds best chance fell to Mata, who connected well with a Forster clearance after Blinds cross, but could only fire wide from an angle.

Mata came close again a minute later, getting on the end of Blinds dangerous cross to hit over from six yards having got ahead of the Southampton back line.

The visitors held on for a fine away performance, extending their unbeaten run in all competitions to six.
                 
Meanwhile,Manchester United ended the game without a shot on target for the first time at Old Trafford since 2009.
                 