<title>Tim Sherwood's first game in charge of Aston Villa ends in 2-1 defeat after last-gasp Stoke penalty</title>
<content>
A last-gasp Victor Moses penalty saw Stoke come from behind to earn a 2-1 win at Aston Villa in Tim Sherwood's first game in charge.

Scott Sinclair had headed Villas 13th league goal of the season on 20 minutes to put Sherwood on course but Mame Biram Diouf powerfully headed Stoke level just moments before the half-time whistle and a late moment of madness from skipper Ron Vlaar proved pivotal.
He received a second yellow card following a stoppage-time lunge on Moses in the box and the forward stepped up himself to snatch a vital victory for the Potters.

Stoke stay in 10th despite the win, but if Sherwood was not aware of the mammoth task on his hands, he will now his side have dropped to 19th.

Sherwood had promised endeavour and goals in his pre-match programme notes but it was a quiet start from both sides.

Neither took control of the game but Villa got the early goal Sherwood craved when Sinclair, who scored his first goal since 2012 last week, opened the scoring.

Stoke wanted a foul after Sinclair and Phil Bardsley tangled from a corner but the ball fell to Fabian Delph, who whipped a delightful cross in from the left for his team-mate to glance past Begovic from 12-yards.
                
Villa negotiated any problems without causing Stoke any of their own, Christian Benteke well marshalled by the visiting defence, but as the game was ambling towards half-time, Stoke levelled out of the blue.

Jon Walters teed up former Villa midfielder Ireland and his cross was powered in by Diouf from seven yards.

It was a shock to the hosts' system, and after the break it was the same story, with Benteke remaining isolated and unable to make a decisive impact.

Guzan punched away Jon Walters' angled volley yet there was nothing to suggest either side would grab a winner.

Villa lacked the skill or know-how to unlock Stoke again although Begovic tipped over Gabriel Agbonlahor's header with two minutes left.
                
But Villa imploded in injury-time when Vlaar's poor touch allowed Moses to steal the ball and burst into the area.

Vlaar scythed the forward down, was sent off, and Moses stepped up to beat Guzan and snatch a win that leaves Villa deep in the relegation mire.

 Player ratings 

 Aston Villa: Guzan (6), Hutton (6), Vlaar (5), Clark (7), Richardson (5), Sinclair (8), Sanchez (5), Delph (6), Benteke (4), Agbonlahor (6), Gil (5).

 Used subs: Weimann (5), Cissokho (6)

 Stoke City: Begovic (6), Bardsley (6), Pieters (7), Wilson (7), Wollscheid (8), Ireland (6), Moses (8), NZonzi (5), Whelan (5), Walters (6), Diouf (6).

 Subs: Sidwell (5), Teixeira (5).

 Man of the match:  Phillipp Wollscheid
	</content>