<title>:Premier League: Newcastle ease to victory at Hull as John Carver breaks his duck

<content>:
John Carver recorded his first win as Newcastle caretaker manager with a 3-0 victory away to Hull City on Saturday.

Carver had taken just one Premier League point from his first four games in temporary charge but goals from Remy Cabella and Sammy Ameobi either side of half-time and a deflectedYoan Gouffran effort were more than enough for maximum points.
Hull created plenty of opportunities and had a goal rightly disallowed in the first half when Ahmed Elmohamady diverted a Gaston Ramrez free-kick into the net with his hand.

The result means Hull have now gone four games without scoring and will end the weekend in the relegation zone.

Hull started the game on the front foot and Tim Krul had to be alert early on to deny full-back Andrew Robertson, who fizzed in a shot from a tight angle.
    
Curtis Davies was the next Hull defender to go close on 18 minutes as he somehow failed to capitalise on a superb cross Elmohamady. His header was tipped away by Krul and then scooped from under the nose of Nikica Jelavic by Mike Williamson.

Cabella had looked Newcastles brightest spark going forward and he gave his side the lead on 40 minutes. Robertson squandered possession deep inside his own half, presenting the ball to the French attacker 30 yards from goal. He found space on the edge of the area and fired a powerful shot into the bottom corner  his first goal for the club.

Hull thought they had levelled just before half-time through Elmohamady but the linesman correctly spotted that the defender had used his hand to steer Ramirezs pin-point cross into the net. Elmohamady was rightly booked.
     
The visitors came out in the second half full of purpose and doubled their lead just three minutes after the break. Ameobi was the man who delivered the goods, taking full advantage of a sloppy Ramirez pass and thumping an effort from 30 yards past poorly-positioned Hull keeper Alan McGregor.

Fabricio Coloccini nearly handed Hull a path back into the game on 53 minutes as he sliced a clearance high into the sky and towards his own goal with Krul stranded. Thankfully for Newcastle, Vurnon Anita was alert and saved his skipper with a goal-line clearance.
     
Hull went close again 10 minutes later when good play between Robertson and Ramirez on the left presented Jelavic with a chance six yards from goal but the striker got his feet in a muddle and the chance was lost.

All these missed chances seemed to take their toll on Hulls confidence and Newcastle took full advantage, sewing the game up on 77 minutes through substitute Gouffran.
</widget>
The midfielder was awarded far too much space on the edge of the area and he struck a fine shot beyond McGregor via the aid of a deflection to seal the victory. 

 Player Ratings 

 Hull:  McGregor (5), Elmohamady (5), Dawson (6), Davies (6), Robertson (6), Ramirez (6), Livermore (6), Huddlestone (6), Meyler (6), Hernandez (6), Jelavic (6).

 Subs:  Brady (6), Ince (6), Aluko (6)

 Newcastle: Krul (7), Janmaat (6), Coloccini (6), Williamson (7), Haidara (7), Anita (6), Colback (7), Cabella (8), Sissoko (7), Ameobi (7), Perez (7).

 Subs: Cisse (6), Gouffran (7), Abeid (6)

 Man Of The Match : Remy Cabella
	