Blues torn apart by Torres
Liverpool continued their recent resurgence as Fernando Torres scored both goals in a 2-0 victory over leaders Chelsea at Anfield.
The Blues had conceded just three times in their opening 10 Premier League matches but were powerless against the class of Torres as Roy Hodgson's side rocketed into the top half of the table.
The breakthrough came after just 11 minutes as Dirk Kuyt picked out Torres with a diagonal pass and the Spaniard controlled perfectly before slotting past Petr Cech.
Torres then doubled Liverpool's advantage on the stroke of half-time with a magnificent curled finish from the left-hand side of the area into the far corner.
Chelsea laid siege to the Reds goal after the interval but were unable to reduce their arrears as Florent Malouda was denied by an instinctive Pepe Reina save from point-blank range and Nicolas Anelka hit the crossbar.
Cech also pulled off a fine stop to keep out Kuyt but for the most part it was Chelsea domination and a spirited rearguard effort from the hosts to hold on for three crucial points.
It was always likely the result would come down to who took their chances and with Didier Drogba left on the bench until the second half, Torres was given a head start.
He did not need a second invitation and in addition to his two expertly-taken first-half goals he was a constant threat to the Chelsea defence.
Torres has been short of form this season but he has always been able to produce a performance against Chelsea at Anfield over the years and this was no different.
It took just 11 minutes for him to reopen old wounds with a classic piece of finishing courtesy of a cross from Kuyt, making a welcome return after a month's absence with an ankle injury, on the left.
The Dutchman chipped a pass over the head of John Terry and Torres took one touch before firing past Cech.
Having looked short of confidence this season the 26-year-old appeared to spring to life, immediately going on a short run and firing wide.
Possession was fairly even but Liverpool created the best chances, having a penalty shout dismissed when Terry's clearance bounced up on to Yuri Zhirkov's arm from which Raul Meireles shot at Cech.
Torres did not give the goalkeeper any such chance with his second just before half-time with a strike even better than his opener and reminiscent of his first ever goal for the club - also against Chelsea.
Meireles dispossessed Ashley Cole in the centre of the pitch and rolled the ball out to the Spaniard on the left of the penalty area.
Cutting inside he curled a shot around Branislav Ivanovic and inside Terry and the far post.
It was a fitting end to undoubtedly Liverpool's best first half of the season, which was as much down to excellent organisation at the back as Torres' potency up front.
With Jamie Carragher, restored to centre-back, barking the orders the hosts limited Chelsea to one shot on target - and that a weak Salomon Kalou header straight at Reina.
Drogba's arrival for the start of the second half was inevitable but the Ivory Coast international's first shooting opportunity saw him curl a 30-yard free-kick well wide.
Ramires headed over and Zhirkov's shot was turned around the post by Reina, who also produced a brilliant close-range stop to deny Malouda.
Having got themselves into a winning position it was now a question of holding on to it for Liverpool as Chelsea ramped up the pressure.
Torres may be paid to score goals but the sight of him hoofing the ball into the upper tier of the Centenary Stand was testament to the determination of everyone to hang on at all costs.
Kuyt almost wrapped things up 15 minutes from time only for Cech's outstretched leg to divert the ball wide.
Chelsea knew it was not to be their day when Anelka's shot squeezed under Reina, whose slight touch deflected the ball up on to the bar and then Carragher cleared from the lurking Drogba two yards out.
The win moved Liverpool into ninth, the first time they have been in the top half since the opening weekend of the season, after three successive Premier League victories.
They are still not in a position to challenge Chelsea at the top of the table - where they still have a two-point lead over Manchester United - but they proved, on their day and with Torres on form, they remain a match for any side.
<table class="arttable"><tr><td class="arttablehdr">Liverpool</td><td class="arttablehdr" align="center">Team Statistics</td><td class="arttablehdr" align="center">Chelsea</td><p></tr>
