Stam saves point for Latics
An injury time barrage from Bolton was not enough to deny Wigan a hard-earned point at the Reebok Stadium with the game ending 1-1.
Ronnie Stam slid in to fire home a precious equaliser to earn a point for Wigan after Bolton took the lead early in the second half.
Bolton went ahead after Rodrigo capped off bright performance with his first goal for the club, latching on to a through-ball from Mark Davies.
The first half saw very few chances for either side. Hugo Rodallega came closest, curling a well-worked free-kick goalwards but Jussi Jaaskelainen pulled off a comfortable save.
Both sides tried to get their passing games going but a congested midfield made it difficult for the game to flow.
Wigan were dealt an early blow as young midfielder Tom Cleverley pulled up holding his hamstring which appeared to have been heavily strapped prior to kick-off.
Worse was to come in the second half with a nasty injury for Chris Kirkland after a coming together with Johan Elmander. The keeper left the field on a stretcher after a lengthy pause which resulted in eight minutes of injury time.
Bolton mounted a late rally but Elmander was denied by a superb save from substitute Wigan stopper Mike Pollitt and Fabrice Muamba blazed over from six yards.
Kirkland, back from a loan spell at Leicester, was given the gloves with Ali Al-Habsi being ineligible to face the Trotters under the terms of his loan.
Wigan's relegation plight was underlined when an early own-goal from Chelsea defender Jose Bosingwa put Wolves 1-0 up at Molineux, increasing the pressure on Martinez's men before they had even kicked off at the Reebok Stadium.
Yet the Latics did not seem fazed in the slightest.
Kirkland - making his first start for Wigan since facing Bolton in the corresponding fixture at the DW Stadium on October 23 - claimed an early cross from Matt Taylor with calm assurance.
Moments later Elmander's delightful flick set Taylor into space inside the left channel but his low cross was well blocked by Antolin Alcaraz.
Wigan were then dealt a major blow when Cleverley, on loan from Manchester United, pulled up with what appeared to be a hamstring injury and was replaced by Mohamed Diame.
It was a severe blow to Martinez at such an early stage in the game but Bolton struggled to create genuine goalscoring opportunities as rain continued to fall.
Wigan's greatest threat came from striker Hugo Rodallega, who ploughed a lone furrow up front but showed enough quality on the ball to suggest he could pilfer a goal.
The Colombian frontman forced a fine save from Jussi Jaaskelainen in the 32nd minute when his fierce 25-yard free-kick was parried clear by the long-serving Finn.
Bolton held the upper hand without ever producing the skill required to unlock the Latics' dogged defence.
The Trotters went close twice within the space of as many minutes in similar circumstances shortly after the restart.
In the 47th minute Taylor's free-kick from the right was greeted by a powerful header from Gary Cahill but his effort flew just wide.
Then a corner from Taylor, again from the right flank, was completely missed by Kirkland and Cahill headed over from the edge of the six-yard box.
The Trotters began to dominate and broke the deadlock in the 54th minute when a delightful passing sequence led to Mark Davies spotting Rodrigo making a diagonal run inside the Wigan penalty area.
Rodrigo took a touch to steady himself and then clipped a superb left-foot shot past Kirkland from the edge of the six-yard box for his first goal in Bolton colours.
Bolton pressed for a second and after Elmander caught Kirkland with a late challenge, the goalkeeper required lengthy treatment before being carried off on a stretcher and replaced by Pollitt.
Yet Wigan refused to lie down and were level in the 80th minute with a goal that was testament to their proud passing game.
Rodallega found right-back Steve Gohouri advancing at pace down the flank and his low first-time cross was sidefooted home at the far post by the onrushing Stam.
Stam was booked for rushing towards the celebrating Latics fans but Bolton came back strongly in search of a winner.
