Slick Spurs see off Bolton
An Emmanuel Adebayor double inspired Tottenham to a 4-1 victory against Bolton to maintain their grip on fourth spot in the Premier League and push the Trotters closer to the drop.
Spurs made their early dominance count at the Reebok Stadium when Luka Modric broke the deadlock eight minutes before half-time.
The Croatian midfielder collected a short corner before lashing a stunning right-foot dipper into the top corner past the helpless Adam Bogdan.
On an emotional night with Fabrice Muamba returning to the ground, Bolton restored parity six minutes after the break as David Ngog's clever backheel was neatly dispatched by Nigel Reo-Coker.
However, the visitors were soon back in front on the hour mark as Gareth Bale's low cross was finished off from close-range by Rafael Van der Vaart for his 11th goal of the season.
Adebayor scored the first of his two goals on the night two minutes later with a tap-in from Aaron Lennon's right-wing cross and then again after 69 minutes, latching onto Bale's through ball before rounding Bogdan and slotting the ball home as Spurs secured their first away win of 2012.
The win also put the North Londoners to within a point of third-placed neighbours Arsenal.
Meanwhile, defeat for Wanderers was their 11th of the campaign and they sit in the relegation zone on goal difference from QPR on 34 points with just two games of the season remaining.
It was an emotional night for the hosts with Muamba returning to the ground for the first time since suffering a cardiac arrest during the FA Cup tie between the same two teams in March.
The Trotters midfielder accepted a standing ovation from all sides of the ground as he was introduced on the pitch before kick-off but attention then shifted to Bolton's battle against the drop.
The hosts' failure to make the most of a dominant spell after Reo-Coker's equaliser proved costly as they slipped to a defeat that leaves them in the bottom three.
They showed determination and composure early on in what was their game in hand but it was Spurs who had the first serious opportunities when Bogdan was forced into a double save.
Bogdan, outstanding in the rearranged cup game against Spurs, parried a long-range drive from Gareth Bale and then reacted quickly to deny Van der Vaart.
Bale made a cutting charge into the area and pulled the ball back from the byline but there was no-one on hand to turn in.
Bolton pieced together a nice move to release Dedryck Boyata in the box but the right-back could only pick out Brad Friedel while David Ngog was unmarked in front of goal.
Bolton made another swift counter-attack as Martin Petrov broke clear down the left and whipped in a low cross which just evaded Kevin Davies.
Chris Eagles picked up possession and found Ngog but the Frenchman's shot was smothered by Friedel.
Spurs took the lead with Modric's spectacular strike after 37 minutes.
The visitors won a corner after Bogdan saved from Van der Vaart and the ball was put behind despite suspicion of handball from Sandro.
Bolton fans were incensed but Van der Vaart was allowed to chip to Modric outside the area and the Croatian chested down before blasting a swerving shot into the top corner.
Bolton should have been level before the break.
Eagles first shot wide with a long-range effort before Boyata put a golden opportunity over the bar from a stoppage-time corner.
Bolton had a scare early in the second half as David Wheater gifted possession to Van der Vaart but Tim Ream snuffed out the counter-attack.
The Trotters pulled themselves back level with a well-worked equaliser in the 51st minute.
Kevin Davies headed on Boyata's throw-in to Ngog and his backheel rolled perfectly for Reo-Coker, who fired a low shot past Friedel.
The goal lifted the crowd and Bolton upped the tempo.
Petrov found himself in a good position but scuffed a shot wide and three corners in quick succession caused some anxiety in the Spurs box.
Eagles was the next to take aim after another throw was hurled into the area but his effort went narrowly over.
Bolton paid for their failure to make the most of that spell as Spurs launched two quick counter-raids to score twice in as many minutes.
Bale first stretched the defence and Van der Vaart finished brilliantly as the Welshman slid an inviting ball into his path.
Barely seconds later, Lennon got behind the defence as he raced on to a long ball from Modric and squared for Adebayor to tap home.
Bolton briefly rallied but the game was put beyond their reach as Bale sent Adebayor clear and the on-loan Manchester City striker casually rounded Bogdan to score.
Tensions were evident as Bolton substitute Josh Vela crudely brought down Aaron Lennon, sparking a row on the touchlines between Spurs assistant boss Joe Jordan and Bolton manager Owen Coyle.
Redknapp appeared to step in as peacemaker and Vela was booked.
Bolton endured more frustration as Petrov crossed and both Kevin Davies and Eagles failed to trouble Friedel.
Adebayor tried his luck from distance in search of a hat-trick but chipped over.
</tbody></table>
</body></html>
