Cisse red sees Wolves hit back
Wolves completed a dramatic second-half turnaround to beat QPR 2-1 after Djibril Cisse's first-half sending off at Loftus Road.
Cisse grabbed Roger Johnson by the throat to see red on his home debut - reacting angrily to an ugly challenge from the Wolves defender.
At that stage, things were going well for Mark Hughes' side with Bobby Zamora scoring early on his debut.
But the red card proved the catalyst for a Wolves revival as Mick McCarthy opted for all-out attack in the second half by introducing Kevin Doyle for Richard Stearman at half-time.
Doyle crossed for Matt Jarvis to fire home the equaliser within seconds of the restart and then the Irish forward scored the winner himself to get the three points and take Wolves out of the relegation zone.
Wolves' endured a nervy finish as QPR pushed for an equaliser with Adel Taarabt to the fore as he forced Wayne Hennessey into a series of good saves.
But McCarthy's men held on for their first win in 10 Premier League matches.
McCarthy's side came into the match looking devoid of confidence as the hosts bossed the opening minutes.
Fresh from netting on his debut in midweek, Cisse tested Hennessey inside four minutes before strike partner Zamora forced the Wales international to parry a fierce 20-yard drive.
QPR's confidence in the opening exchanges was epitomised by the returning Taarabt, who played a neat one-two with Zamora before curling just wide of the far post.
Steven Fletcher fired wide on a rare Wolves attack, although it was the Hoops who were enjoying the lion's share of possession.
They made their dominance count in the 16th minute when Shaun Wright-Phillips held up a ball from Taarabt and laid off for Zamora to lash home.
Wolves' afternoon soon got worse when Emmanuel Frimpong limped off.
Sylvan Ebanks-Blake replaced the on-loan Arsenal midfielder and, while the change was enforced, the visitors soon began to improve.
Fletcher curled a 20-yard free-kick wide of Paddy Kenny's goal soon after as McCarthy's side pushed for an equaliser.
The pressure, though, soon petered out with Cisse's pace proving a problem for the Wolves back line.
However, the France international's afternoon only lasted 34 minutes after he reacted to a late Johnson challenge.
Cisse retaliated and raised his hands to the defender, leading referee Clattenburg to issue a straight red card.
The centre-back was handed a yellow card for his role in the altercation as temperatures began to rise inside Loftus Road, with Fletcher booked for a late lunge soon after.
Jamie O'Hara was lucky not to follow him into the referee's notebook, but debutant Sebastien Bassong did on the stroke of half-time.
McCarthy replaced Stearman at the break in a bid to change things, with Doyle coming on in his place.
The Ireland international made an immediate impact as his right-wing cross was not cleared by the QPR defence and fell to Jarvis, who cut inside Luke Young and curled home past Kenny.
The goal came 51 seconds into the second period as Wolves upped the ante, with a Fletcher header rebounding back off the bar moments later.
QPR looked stunned and only a last-ditch goalline clearance by Anton Ferdinand stopped Ebanks-Blake poking home an already goal-bound Fletcher effort.
Kenny had to be alert to stop a 20-yard Doyle effort in the 53rd minute as Wolves looked to take the lead in front of the vocal 1,649 visiting fans.
QPR were struggling to find an outlet in attack after Cisse's sending-off, but came close from a 30-yard Taarabt free-kick, which dipped just wide of Hennessey's near post.
Ebanks-Blake, O'Hara and Doyle all flashed attempts wide as Wolves continued to press, leading QPR boss Hughes to make changes.
Armand Traore and Fitz Hall replaced Shaun Derry and Young, with the latter holding his right thigh as he came off.
The changes could not thwart Wolves, though, and they took the lead in the 71st minute through Doyle.
O'Hara played the ball through to Ebanks-Blake, who laid off for the substitute to slot home from close range and deservedly give the visitors the lead.
Rob Hulse came on for Zamora as Hughes made his last roll of the dice and seemed to spur the home side into life.
Aside from a Jarvis effort that Kenny parried, QPR dominated the final 10 minutes as Traore hit a well-struck effort before Hennessey did superbly to tip over a 30-yard Taarabt shot.
