Blues continue Hammers hoodoo
Birmingham City piled further misery on West Ham United as Nikola Zigic's second-half header secured a 1-0 win at Upton Park.
Fresh from reaching the Carling Cup final at West Ham's expense last month, Birmingham moved out of the Premier League's relegation zone and sent their opponents back to the bottom after a hard-fought success.
The Hammers had been the brighter of the two teams in the first half, but were made to pay for a slack piece of defending when Zigic met Sebastian Larsson's free-kick with 25 minutes to go.
The first half was bereft of any clear-cut chances, although West Ham new boy Robbie Keane volleyed over just before the break after skilful work in the box.
Birmingham improved after the interval after a lacklustre opening 45 minutes and made the decisive breakthrough on 65 minutes.
Substitute Larsson, whose future had been in doubt throughout the January transfer window, whipped in a free-kick to the far post and Zigic guided his header inside the upright.
West Ham tried to rally and came closest to snatching an equaliser through debutant Demba Ba with 13 minutes to go when his well-struck volley thundered back off the post.
Hammers boss Avram Grant, who was celebrating his 56th birthday, will now undoubtedly find his position come under scrutiny once more as a result of the defeat.
The Israeli went into the match knowing a victory would see West Ham record their first back-to-back league wins in what has been a troubled season so far.
Their attempts were hit by a calf injury to James Tomkins in the warm-up which meant an early recall for Matthew Upson, who had missed the midweek win over Blackpool with tendonitis.
The former Birmingham centre-half was paired with Winston Reid, who came in for the injured Danny Gabbidon
Cameron Jerome and Barry Ferguson both overcame ankle injuries to make a Birmingham team that was unchanged from Wednesday's 2-2 draw against Manchester City.
The match was a chance for the Londoners to avenge their Carling Cup semi-final exit to their Midlands rivals last month.
Ben Foster, whose howler gifted West Ham a first-leg lead in that tie, started nervously, punching an early Gary O'Neil cross clear when it was easier to catch.
The England goalkeeper came out to snatch the ball from Frederic Piquionne's feet after he was put through by the in-form Victor Obinna.
After a quiet opening 15 minutes, West Ham started to pressure the visitors' goal.
On-loan Tottenham striker Keane played Piquionne in with a clever backheel but the former Portsmouth striker could only fire a tame curler at Foster.
Obinna, who had scored five in his previous two matches, then struck a 25-yard effort just wide and Scott Parker threatened with a dangerous low cross that was hooked clear.
Robert Green was called into action for the first time when he collected a low shot from Lee Bowyer on the half-hour.
Jerome beat Green to a header from a corner soon after but the former Cardiff marksman could only glance wide.
Roger Johnson beat Piquionne to a cross but flashed a free header over the bar from 10 yards.
Johnson cut out a dangerous cross from Obinna with a superb diving header as Piquionne lurked at the back post.
A late sliding challenge on David Bentley from Mark Noble earned the Hammers midfielder a yellow card.
West Ham felt they should have had a penalty late on in the first half when Lars Jacobsen's strike hit Liam Ridgewell on the arm but referee Chris Foy turned down their appeal.
Obinna had an appeal for another spot-kick turned down moments later when his shot hit Johnson on the arm in the box and Keane volleyed over under pressure in stoppage-time.
Manuel da Costa came on for Upson at half-time to make his first appearance in three months.
Birmingham started the second period brightly and Bentley found the towering Zigic at the back post but he headed wide, much to Alex McLeish's frustration.
The Birmingham manager brought Larsson on for Jerome in the 57th minute and Grant replaced Piquionne with Carlton Cole soon after.
The West Ham crowd were getting frustrated with their team's scrappy play and their hopes were further dashed when Zigic gave Birmingham a 65th-minute lead.
The 30-year-old took advantage of some slack marking from Wayne Bridge to meet Larsson's free-kick at the back post and nod home from six yards for his second in two matches.
Grant looked to Demba Ba for inspiration, the Senegalese coming on to make his Hammers debut in place of Keane.
The former Hoffenheim striker almost made an immediate impact when he slammed a volley onto the woodwork after the ball ricocheted around the Birmingham box.
Da Costa almost caught Foster out with a fierce 35-yard shot but the Birmingham keeper scrambled across his line to save.
The defender was at the forefront of West Ham's late push for an equaliser as he headed just wide of Foster's goal from eight yards.
Parker slipped into the box in stoppage-time but was met by a sea of Birmingham defenders.
