Obinna brace at seaside
Victor Obinna netted a brace as West Ham beat Blackpool 3-1 to climb off the bottom the Premier League.
The in-form striker, who scored a hat-trick in the FA Cup win against Nottingham Forest last time out, gave the Hammers the lead on 24 minutes when Richard Kingson fumbled his low shot at the near post into the net.
The Hammers then doubled the advantage 13 minutes later when Obinna forced Kingson into a fine double save and on-loan Spurs striker Robbie Keane netted the rebound on his debut for Avram Grant's side.
But Blackpool skipper Charlie Adam gave the Seasiders hope in bizarre fashion when his low corner from the right crept past Robert Green and into the goal.
But the Hammers were two goals to the good less than two minutes later when Scott Parker found Obinna to the left of goal and his long distance piledriver left Kingson with no chance.
In the second period, Blackpool put the Hammers under heavy pressure and Neal Eardley hit the crossbar with a free-kick and substitute Marlon Harewood forced Green to make a fine save but the visitors held firm to earn a massive three points.
Keane's flying start after joining the club and the form of Obinna offers much hope for manager Grant.
The Hammers boss made five changes to the side which beat Forest in the FA Cup at the weekend and the result was a vibrant first-half display.
Blackpool were buoyed by the presence of their captain Adam after his widely-predicted deadline-day move failed to materialise.
And the Scotland midfielder immediately tried to dispel any suggestions that the club's refusal to sell him might affect his game with a powerful run in the opening minute.
Midfield partner David Vaughan also looked keen to influence proceedings as the Seasiders, with new signing Andy Reid on debut, played their usual attacking game.
But it was West Ham who had the better of the opportunities in a lively opening.
Kingson was twice called into action early on, firstly to save a close-range shot from Obinna after Keane's scuffed effort diverted a Frederic Piquionne cross into his path.
The Ghana goalkeeper then plucked a long-range strike from Gary O'Neil, who was making his full Hammers debut, out of the air with little difficulty.
The visitors had another chance when Mark Noble's drive rebounded to Parker but the Hammers talisman fired well wide.
Kingson was nearly caught out when Craig Cathcart almost turned a Bridge shot into his own net but he made a quick reaction save to his right.
The Tangerines keeper was at fault, however, as West Ham claimed the lead after 24 minutes.
Kingson looked to have Obinna's ambitious shot from wide on the left covered but let it slip from his grasp and roll over the line.
It was a timely moment to score as it soon became apparent West Ham had injury problems.
During one stoppage in play James Tomkins, Wayne Bridge and Danny Gabbidon all went down in apparent pain.
Gabbidon was unable to continue and was replaced by Winston Reid but, despite obvious discomfort, Tomkins limped on while Bridge quickly recovered.
Andy Reid went close to an equaliser after a poor clearance from Tomkins fell to him outside the area but Green palmed over his long-range effort.
West Ham then doubled their lead on 37 minutes as Keane made his mark.
Blackpool got themselves into a mess at the back as Noble lobbed a free-kick into the area after Parker was felled.
Kingson twice saved from Obinna in quick succession but got no help from his defenders and Keane's sliced effort found the net before it could be cleared.
Blackpool responded as Adam found the back of the net direct from a corner, Frederic Piquionne completely missing his kick at the near post and unsighting Green.
Yet the Tangerines' joy was short-lived as Obinna restored a two-goal advantage on the stroke of half-time with a ferocious shot from distance after being found by Parker.
The game tightened up in the second half as West Ham looked to deny Blackpool any further way of getting back into the game.
The midfield battle intensified and after Noble and Adam collided, Parker was booked for a late challenge on Vaughan.
Blackpool manager Ian Holloway decided to go for all-out attack on the hour, sending on two more strikers in new signing James Beattie and former West Ham forward Harewood.
Beattie, who joined the club on loan from Rangers on Monday, had a chance moments after coming on but failed to make firm contact and Green easily gathered.
Eardley went close to pulling one back but his 25-yard free-kick struck the bar and West Ham scrambled clear.
Blackpool kept up the pressure with Adam flashing a shot narrowly wide and Winston Reid making a vital clearance, before Harewood forced Green into a good save in injury time as the Hammers held on to celebrate a crucial win.
