Manchester United surged into second place with a 3-0 victory at Newcastle United
Manchester United climbed into second in the Premier League table after beating Newcastle United 3-0 at St James' Park on Sunday afternoon. 
Sir Alex Ferguson's men suffered a surprise defeat to Tottenham last weekend at Old Trafford but atoned for that loss on Tyneside to get their campaign back on track.
Defender Jonny Evans and Patrice Evra were the unlikely goalscorers in the first half as they nodded home corners from Robin van Persie and an impressive Wayne Rooney.
The Magpies grew into the game after a slow start but could not convert their chances and any hope of a comeback was extinguished in the second half when Tom Cleverley added another with a curling shot from the edge of the box.
Alan Pardew's side remain in 10th but are now without a win in their last two games.
The bulk of a crowd of 52,203 trudged away knowing their team had contributed to its own downfall with the kind of calamitous defending which has plagued them for years, but had, until today, become less common since their return to the top flight.
United dominated possession for long periods and had greater invention with Wayne Rooney, Robin van Persie and Danny Welbeck repeatedly stretching their hosts as Cheick Tiote and Yohan Cabaye struggled to exercise any real control in the middle of the park.
On a day when Newcastle found themselves linked with a sponsorship deal with loans company Wonga - it is understood the stadium naming rights are not involved - Pardew's players were handing out gifts for which there was no need for repayment.
Firstly, former Sunderland defender Evans left both Mike Williamson and Ba for dead to apply the finishing touch to Van Persie's right-wing delivery with eight minutes gone, and as many minutes later, Evra, hardly the most imposing of figures physically, was similarly unaccompanied as he reached Wayne Rooney's set-piece from the left with the same result.
Newcastle's defending was simply shambolic and while they could point to the absence of Tim Krul, Danny Simpson, Steven Taylor and Fabricio Coloccini, four certain starters in their first-choice back five, the men handed the marking jobs in their absence failed miserably in their tasks.
As the chaos unfolded, minds turned back to Arsenal's visit to Tyneside two seasons ago when Van Persie struck twice as the Gunners surged into a 4-0 lead by half-time, but only emerged with a point after being hit by a second-half blitz.
A repeat looked unlikely, but as Newcastle gradually climbed out of the hole they had dug for themselves, the mood inside the stadium began to change.
The movement of Rooney, Van Persie and Shinji Kagawa behind lone striker Welbeck had left the Magpies chasing shadows, and Pardew opted to switch Hatem Ben Arfa to the right to give his side a better shape and a greater attacking threat.
Gradually, his players worked their way into the game, Jonas Gutierrez dragging an 18th-minute shot just wide and Cabaye only just missing the target with a curling effort.
Ba turned a Cisse cross over the bar under pressure and Cisse headed wide from a Cabaye free-kick, but crucially, the Magpies failed to test keeper David de Gea.
A full-blooded 45 minutes saw five men booked by referee Howard Webb - Tiote and Gutierrez for Newcastle and Kagawa, Rio Ferdinand and Van Persie for United - and there was little sign of the tempo abating after the break.
Indeed, Newcastle thought they were back in it within five minutes of the restart when Ba got to Shane Ferguson's cross ahead of De Gea, but saw his effort come back off the bar.
Strike-partner Cisse headed the rebound towards goal, where the keeper managed to divert it on to the post with the striker insisting the ball had already crossed the line, but to no avail.
Ba headed wide from another Cabaye cross, but United continued to threaten on the counter and might have extended their lead when Welbeck held off Davide Santon and laid the ball off for Cleverley, but the midfielder skied his 57th-minute effort.
Keeper Steve Harper had to get down well to keep out Rooney's skidding left-foot effort three minutes later with the visitors pressing once again.
