Baines rescues Toffees
A late penalty from Leighton Baines rescued a point for Everton in a thrilling 2-2 draw against Aston Villa at Goodison Park.
Leon Osman opened the scoring with a fine solo effort, but Villa hit back early in the second half when England striker Darren Bent restored parity after firing Stewart Downing's pass into the top corner.
Then in a moment of controversy, Jermaine Beckford claimed he had scored when he broke clear and rattled the bar with a fierce shot which bounced down and away.
The striker was convinced the ball had crossed the line but the assistant referee did not agree.
At the other end, Brad Friedel's long ball found the run of Bent, who kept his composure to slip the ball past Tim Howard.
His goal appeared to have put relegation-threatened Villa, and their under-pressure manager Gerard Houllier, on course for three vital points with his fifth goal in nine games for the club.
But the Toffees battled on and won a spot-kick when Jean Makoun tripped Phil Jagielka allowing Leighton Baines to make no mistake from 12 yards.
The draw was no more than Everton deserved after dictating the play for most of the game despite missing several big names and being relatively secure in mid-table.
Villa, by contrast, were sluggish for large periods and the future of Houllier's regime remains uncertain.
Downing had Villa's first chance when he skipped into the area after a strong run down the right but John Heitinga twice blocked.
Everton were almost gifted the opening goal when Kyle Walker's poor header towards Friedel was seized upon by Beckford.
The former Leeds forward waited for the ball to bounce and although his left-foot effort from the edge of the area was not the cleanest of strikes, it still needed a fine save from Friedel to deny him.
Villa attempted to catch Everton on the break after clearing a Baines free-kick into their own box but Sylvain Distin got back to steal the ball from Walker.
Everton raced back up to the other end but Collins slid in to prevent Beckford getting in a cross.
Everton looked stretched when Dunne headed across the home goal but Tony Hibbert, who celebrated the 10th anniversary of his Toffees debut this week, diverted Nigel Reo-Coker's shot wide.
Generally Villa had struggled to break down the hosts and the Merseysiders grabbed the lead seven minutes before the interval.
Osman, playing in advanced position behind Beckford, took up an attack from Diniyar Bilyaletdinov and broke into the area before beating Collins on the outside.
He shot directly at Friedel but the keeper could not prevent the ball trickling over the line.
Villa put their poor first half behind them to get back on level terms within two minutes of the restart.
Downing was allowed room on the right to cut inside the area and thread the ball through to Bent near the penalty spot.
The 24million man, buoyed by his strike for England last week, made no mistake as he lashed the ball into the roof of the net.
Osman went close to putting Everton back into the lead when he curled an effort just beyond the far post after Friedel had blocked a firm header from Heitinga.
Osman had another opportunity moments later but fired over after being picked out by a superb crossfield ball from Bilyaletdinov.
Beckford claimed he had scored when he broke clear and rattled the bar with a fierce shot which bounced down and away.
The striker was convinced the ball had crossed the line but the assistant referee did not agree and initial replays appeared inconclusive.
As Everton rued their fortune, Friedel punted the ball upfield and Ashley Young released Bent.
The Toffees appealed for offside but Bent played on and tapped the ball past the advancing Tim Howard to put Villa in front and claim his fifth for the club.
Osman spurned a glorious opportunity to equalise when he somehow sliced the ball over from eight yards after Bilyaletdinov had squared the ball across goal and Friedel had failed to intercept.
Yet Everton were determined not to end the game empty-handed and earned a penalty seven minutes from time when Makoun was adjudged to have brought Jagielka down.
