Rovers dent Gunners hopes
Arsenal's title hopes suffered a major blow after failing to break down ten-man Blackburn at the Emirates.
Jack Wilshere shot wide from close range in the first period before Steven N'Zonzi received a straight red for a two-footed tackle on Laurent Koscielny on 76 minutes.
The Gunners laid siege late on for the winner but could not breach Paul Robinson's goal.
The draw leaves Arsene Wenger's second-placed side seven points off leaders Manchester United, with a game in hand, while Rovers are two points above the drop zone in 14th.
With United having come from behind to win at West Ham earlier on Saturday, Arsenal could not afford another off day following two successive draws before the international break - but that is exactly what transpired.
It had been a positive start by the Gunners, with fit-again Theo Walcott looking lively down the right.
After four minutes, the England winger got away to the edge of the Rovers box before squaring to Alex Song and his shot was deflected behind.
Walcott was proving too hot to handle and his low centre across goal was hacked clear by Ryan Nelsen before he was then denied at the near post by Robinson.
Rovers were in danger of being overrun but Steve Kean's men were given some respite when full-backs Martin Olsson and Bacary Sagna collided when going for a 50/50 on the touchline, leaving the Rovers man worse off.
Samir Nasri then needed treatment for a clash of heads with Nelsen, returning with a thick bandage.
That break in play interrupted Arsenal's flow and on 23 minutes, Rovers had an opportunity when Koscielny tripped David Hoilett 22 yards out in a central position.
Brett Emerton, however, smashed the free-kick high into the stands.
Arsenal were soon back on the offensive and broke quickly when Robin van Persie fed Nasri on the overlap, but as the Frenchman cut the ball back on to the penalty spot, Wilshere somehow stabbed his first-time shot wide.
Manuel Almunia had been a spectator, but the keeper was almost embarrassed when Olsson's 25-yard effort took a slight deflection and he was left out of position as the ball bounced off his gloves and rolled just past the post.
Hoilett then cut inside Sagna before darting into the penalty area only to skew his shot wide.
Walcott burst clear from a quick throw-out, but had no support and eventually dragged his shot wide from 20 yards.
Rovers sent a long ball into the Arsenal box from a free-kick in their own half, which Almunia failed to punch and N'Zonzi saw his backward header drop just wide.
Again the hosts started brightly at the restart as Van Persie got away down the left to force a corner, which the Dutchman went across to take and then whipped straight across the face of goal.
The game, though, soon slipped back into the same pattern as Rovers continued to break up Arsenal's attacks with relative ease.
Frustrations boiled over again when Wilshere elected to pass back to Andrey Arshavin rather than shoot, the ball going behind for a corner, which Koscielny guided goalwards but Robinson held.
Wenger had seen enough and with 32 minutes to go, sent on captain Cesc Fabregas on his return from a hamstring injury, replacing Arshavin.
Arsenal, however, continued to lack a creative spark in the final third as time and again they failed to find the decisive pass.
Van Persie made space for a low shot at the edge of the area, but Robinson was down quickly.
Wilshere needed treatment after falling on his shoulder when sliding for a loose ball on the far side.
On 76 minutes, Rovers were reduced to 10 men when N'Zonzi was shown a straight red card after jumping in two-footed on Koscielny.
Wilshere's quick feet saw the ball pulled back for substitute Marouane Chamakh on the penalty spot, but his shot was blocked by Olsson's brave dive.
Robinson produced a fine save from Chamakh's deflected header, but the whistle had already gone for a push by the Moroccan.
Fabregas smashed a 25-yard free-kick into the wall as Arsenal's frustration continued.
