Cottagers stun Gunners
Goals from Steve Sidwell and Bobby Zamora saw Fulham come from behind and beat ten-man Arsenal at Craven Cottage.
Laurent Koscielny headed the opener from six yards on 21 minutes after Aaron Ramsey's cross was deflected into his path.
But Fulham improved after the break and Bryan Ruiz and Clint Dempsey had chances before Johan Djourou was sent-off with 12 minutes to play for a second bookable offence.
The Cottagers took full advantage and first Sidwell headed the equaliser with five minutes to play before Zamora volleyed the winner in injury time.
The result saw the fifth-placed Gunners fail close a nine point gap at the summit of the Premier League, while Fulham moved into 12th in the table.
Heading into the match, Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger resisted the temptation to rest in-form Robin van Persie, although his hand was forced in terms of a defensive alteration.
Francis Coquelin was drafted in as makeshift left-back due to the Gunners' growing injury problems, with Thomas Vermaelen the latest to pick up a knock on New Year's Eve.
Gervinho was the North Londoners' only other change, while counterpart Martin Jol brought in Zamora and Sidwell.
The former returned after a spell out with an Achilles injury and led an attack-minded Cottagers line-up, although the home side spent most of the opening exchanges on the back foot.
Gervinho twice blazed over for the North Londoners and Ramsey got away a shot on goal under pressure.
Arsenal could not match their bright start with midfield guile, though, and Wojciech Szczesny was forced into action to stop Zamora taking advantage in the 10th minute.
The home side's spirited opening was almost undone three minutes later when former Gunners defender Philippe Senderos upended Gervinho in the box.
The Ivory Coast international seemed to have his legs swiped away but referee Lee Probert waved away the penalty appeals.
The visiting support felt aggrieved by the decision, but were soon able to celebrate breaking the deadlock.
Ramsey found space to put in a cross from the left that, having taken a kind deflection off Stephen Kelly, was headed home by Koscielny from six yards.
Arsenal thought they had doubled their advantage almost immediately, but were thwarted by some world-class goalkeeping by David Stockdale.
The England squad member stopped a close-range Ramsey drive, a miscued Sidwell clearance and then a Gervinho effort during a penalty box melee.
Stockdale was called into action once more when Van Persie flicked a shot on target, which came after Bryan Ruiz shot just wide at the other end.
Zamora then headed wide after some combative play on the left, before Stockdale was called into action to stop Ramsey.
The Cottagers looked rejuvenated after the break and Ruiz fired a snatched half-volley wide inside two minutes of the restart, before Sidwell and Moussa Dembele came close.
The former then hit an audacious 30-yard drive as Fulham looked for an equaliser, which almost came when Senderos headed a Danny Murphy free-kick inches over.
Jol's side were looking dangerous in the air and came closer still through Clint Dempsey, who met a floated Ruiz ball with a darted header that just evaded the far post.
The latter was guilty of missing a gilt-edged chance in the 75th minute, firing straight at Szczesny from 12 yards when unmarked.
Fulham's hopes of finding a leveller were boosted three minutes later when Djourou was sent off for a second bookable offence.
Jol's side pushed forward in numbers and found a way past Arsenal's backline with five minutes remaining.
Ruiz's corner was headed back across goal by Senderos after Szczesny parried and Sidwell headed home from close range.
