Terrific Toon defy Gunners
Newcastle put in a performance full of graft and defensive grit as they frustrated Arsenal to pick up a 1-0 win at the Emirates thanks to Andy Carroll's first-half header.
Still basking in glory after their demolition of local rivals Sunderland last weekend, the Magpies made it three wins from three and further strengthened manager Chris Hughton's case for a new contract at St James' Park.
It was a game of few chances but Tim Krul produced an excellent stop five minutes before the break to keep out a stinging Samir Nasri effort, and it proved to be decisive as shortly after Carroll nodded the visitors in front.
Joey Barton drifted over a central free-kick from deep and Lukasz Fabianski produced yet another error to miss his punch as Carroll leapt well to nod into an empty net in the 45th minute.
Arsenal were lacklustre in attack after half-time and although Theo Walcott hit the bar, they could not break down a stubborn Newcastle defence and Laurent Koscielny was shown a straight red card after a last-man tug on Nile Ranger in the dying minutes.
After an initial spell of pressure from Newcastle, Arsenal slowly built momentum.
Walcott chased a long pass upfield which was smothered by keeper Krul, before Marouane Chamakh just failed to collect Alex Song's pass at the edge of a crowded penalty area.
Newcastle had been thumped 4-0 by Arsenal in the Carling Cup clash at St James' Park a fortnight ago, but went into this game buoyed by their thrashing of local rivals Sunderland.
Arsenal - looking to keep the pressure on leaders Chelsea, who play at Liverpool later this afternoon - almost took the lead on 11 minutes when Cesc Fabregas' deflected 22-yard free-kick crashed against the crossbar after ricocheting off the wall.
The Gunners captain was then played into the right side of the penalty area, but was quickly crowded out before Walcott's chip across the six-yard box was headed behind.
Arsenal, though, were left frustrated as Newcastle broke up play well, and were awarded a few free-kicks which were delivered direct into the penalty area.
The atmosphere went a bit flat as half-time approached, with Arsenal not really able to get near their usual fluidity.
When Fabregas was slipped in down the right by Samir Nasri, his shot at the near post was blocked into the sidenetting as the home fans continued to grow restless.
The Emirates Stadium, though, almost erupted when Nasri's drive appeared to be heading for the top corner - only for Krul to pull-off a fine one-handed save.
Newcastle took a shock lead on the stroke of half-time when a deep free-kick into the Arsenal box from Barton was met by Carroll, who got there ahead of Fabianski to nod the visitors in front.
At the start of the second half, Arsenal hit the woodwork again when Walcott darted into the right side of the area from Jack Wilshere's pass and lashed in an angled drive, which crashed against the underside of the bar with Krul beaten.
Arsenal continued to press, with Song cutting the ball back across the six-yard box, but Chamakh was unable to connect.
With 35 minutes left, Wenger made a change when he sent on Andrey Arshavin to replace Nasri and then introduced Robin van Persie for the Dutchman's first appearance since the end of August after an ankle injury.
Van Persie's first touch was a lovely backheel down the left, with Gael Clichy then delivering a low cross which was just too far ahead of Arshavin.
Newcastle, though, continued to show little regard for reputation as they looked to hold possession in a match which started to become somewhat scrappy as Wilshere was left in a heap following a challenge from Barton, but the referee took no action before defender Mike Williamson send a header wide from a corner.
Wenger's last throw of the dice came with 17 minutes left when Nicklas Bendtner replaced Wilshere.
Arshavin almost weaved his way clear, but Fabricio Coloccini made a saving tackle in the six-yard box.
Arsenal had pace in abundance up front now, but Newcastle continued to hold their ground.
Fabregas' diving header was straight at the keeper following Arshavin's run as Wenger looked to the heavens.
Arsenal threw long balls forwards, but Newcastle were not to be denied a shock victory as the hosts finished with 10 men after centre-half Koscielny was shown a straight red card for hauling down substitute Nile Ranger.
