Kranjcar screamer lifts Spurs
Niko Kranjcar came off the bench to score his first goal of the season with a dramatic injury-time winner for Tottenham in their 2-1 defeat of Bolton.
The Trotters suffered a disastrous start, conceding a penalty inside five minutes through a Kevin Davies handball and Rafael Van der Vaart stepped up to stroke home.
It was the Dutchman's 12th goal of the season and he could have had another as the hosts were awarded a second penalty moments later after Lennon was fouled by Sam Ricketts.
Van der Vaart initially scored from the second spot-kick, but was ordered to retake following Wilson Palacios' infringement and the playmaker then fired wide.
Bolton emerged for the second half with more attacking threat and they were deservedly level on 55 minutes as Chelsea loanee Daniel Sturridge stroked home his second goal in two games.
Tottenham keeper Heurelho Gomes was at fault for the equaliser, but team-mate Kranjcar spared his blushes with a 93rd-minute screamer to secure a vital three points for Tottenham in their quest for another top four finish.
The match could hardly have begun in more spectacular fashion with referee Clattenburg pointing to the spot after just five minutes.
Peter Crouch rose high to send a header goalwards, which Bolton goalkeeper Jussi Jaaskelainen managed to scramble away but only to Vedran Corluka.
The Croatian tried to play the ball in but it struck Kevin Davies, who knew little of it, on the hand.
Van der Vaart then stepped up to coolly plant the spot kick past Jaaskelainen.
Less than 60 seconds later the referee was pointing to the spot again after Sam Ricketts tripped Lennon as he burst into the area to quickly for the defender.
Up stepped Van der Vaart once more and once again he planted the ball high to Jaaskelainen's right to send the net rippling.
Unfortunately, this time Clattenburg had spotted Palacios, among others, encroaching into the area and this time the Dutchman sent the ball the wrong side of the post.
To say that the first half was lively was something of an understatement and Bolton's Johan Elmander rapped the Tottenham crossbar with a powerful header with both sides firmly in the contest.
Crouch, too, had several chances to extend Tottenham's lead and in injury time he was the focal point of another penalty decision.
This time it was Bolton's Mark Davies who was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area from a Crouch header and the referee had no hesitation in pointing to the spot once more.
Fortunately for Bolton the assistant referee's flag was raised, having spotted Crouch in an offside position before the hand ball offence occurred.
Judging by penalty calls and chances alone it would be easy to think it was all Tottenham but that was not the case.
Under Coyle, Bolton are much more than a long-ball team even if much of their attacking threat still goes through big striker Kevin Davies.
The arrival of Sturridge from Chelsea promises even more enterprise and the striker was a constant menace to Tottenham's defenders and it was no surprise when he came up with the equaliser.
It was a neat, flowing move with Mark Davies carrying the ball deep into the Tottenham half before feeding Sturridge who opened up his body to send a left-foot shot swerving under diving goalkeeper Gomes.
There were yet more appeals for a penalty when Gary Cahill went tumbling in the Tottenham area under a challenge from Pienaar.
Bolton appealed for the penalty and there did appear to be contact but the referee instead booked Cahill for diving.
Jermaine Jenas hit the Bolton post with a stinging free-kick after 63 minutes and Tottenham would have retaken the lead but for a superb point-blank save by Jaaskelainen from new signing Steven Pienaar, who had come on for Van der Vaart at half-time.
