Premier League: Ross Wallace rescues point for Burnley in 2-2 draw at Leicester
Ross Wallace's 96th-minute free-kick rescued Burnley a valuable point in a dramatic 2-2 draw at Leicester City.
The Foxes opened the scoring 12 minutes before the break and it was the influential Riyad Mahrez who was the main tormentor.
TheAlgerian international showed great foot-work down the flank before picking outJeff Schlupp in the box to score his first top-flight goal.
Burnley responded as they ended their 11-hour goal drought to equalise. Scott Arfield's cross was headed down by Lukas Jutkiewicz and Michael Kightly scored on his 200th league appearance.
Leicester hit back within a minute, though, as Jamie Vardy's cross deflected off Jason Shackell's heel for Mahrez to head home at the back post.
Burnley had to wait until the final minute of stoppage time to grab a share of the spoils when they won a free-kick on the edge of the box and substitute Wallace stepped up to fire his 20-yard effort over the wall and beyond Kasper Schmeichel.
The point lifted the Clarets off the bottom of the Barclays Premier League above QPR - at least until Sunday - but they are still winless this season while Leicester remain unbeaten at the King Power Stadium.
The Clarets were chasing their first goal in 10 hours and 16 minutes in all competitions going into the game and began brightly, with Jutkiewicz's cross too strong for Barnes.
Burnley did not show any anxiety because of their drought but lacked the quality to make an early difference.
And Leicester's superior attacking threat was evident when Vardy's volley deflected wide and Tom Heaton turned Mahrez's shot wide after the midfielder's fine run.
Then, on 25 minutes, Wes Morgan's header was blocked by Ben Mee and Liam Moore's instinctive prod dropped wide.
The hosts were reliant on Vardy's tenacity to create openings with Leonardo Ulloa quiet before Mahrez intervened on 33 minutes.
The tricky Algerian was given too much space and he weaved a cross through to Schlupp who turned in from 15 yards.
The Foxes were energised but were undone six minutes later when Burnley scored just their second goal of the season.
Arfield was given time to find Jutkiewicz in the area and he nodded down to Kightly to slide in ahead of Schmeichel.
But parity lasted just 97 seconds as Vardy swapped passes with Schlupp and his cross deflected to Mahrez to arrow a far post header beyond Heaton.
It was cruel on the Clarets but they responded well and Jutkiewicz glanced Mee's cross wide soon after the break.
Nugent replaced the ineffective Ulloa as Leicester sought a game-clinching third but the visitors continued to press without testing Schmeichel.
The keeper was scrambling, though, when Jutkiewicz spun on the edge of the box and fired just wide with 16 minutes left.
The Foxes struggled to create in the second half but Heaton was forced into a scrambling save in the final minute from Moore's header.
But in the fifth minute of injury time Burnley levelled when Jutkiewicz was felled by Matty James and the midfielder found the top corner from the free-kick.
