Toffees earn point at Blackpool
Everton twice battled back from behind to earn a thrilling draw at Blackpool.
Both sides refused to sit back and it made for a fantastic game in a cup tie-style atmosphere at Bloomfield Road.
Neal Eardley curled home a wonderful tenth minute free-kick - on his 22nd birthday - to put Blackpool ahead before Tim Cahill headed home an equaliser three minutes later.
David Vaughan lashed Blackpool back in front when Everton failed to clear their lines three minutes after the restart.
But the lead lasted just two minutes this time as Seamus Coleman, who helped Blackpool win promotion to the Premier League following a successful loan spell last season, blasted home to earn a point for the Toffees.
However, Blackpool felt hard done by after seeing Marlon Harewood's last minute strike ruled out for an apparent infringement in the build up.
Everton created the better chances throughout but Blackpool may feel they could have prevented either of their goals and will bemoan the late decision.
The tone for an entertaining contest, the first meeting between the sides in the league since 1971, was set in the opening minutes.
Everton, confidence restored after five games unbeaten, made the initial running.
Yakubu Ayegbeni threatened to play in Mikel Arteta but the Spaniard failed to control and Cahill found space only to shoot well over.
Blackpool showed their attacking intentions for the first time when Vaughan whipped in a dangerous cross which Sylvain Distin headed clear.
The Seasiders went in front with ten minutes gone after Charlie Adam was crudely brought down by Arteta 25 yards out.
Eardley stepped up and bent a superb free-kick around the Everton wall and past Tim Howard.
It was the perfect way to celebrate his birthday but Everton produced the perfect response and equalised just three minutes later.
Yakubu, buoyed after last week's winner against Stoke, turned and picked out Cahill on the six-yard box with a delicate cross. Matt Gilks got a hand to the Australian's powerful header but could not keep out his 50th Premier League goal.
Everton began to assert some control as Blackpool remained on the back foot.
Baines went down in the box under an Eardley tackle but referee Andre Marriner deemed the challenge legal.
Coleman, who impressed in a short spell at Bloomfield Road last season, then looked certain to score after weaving his way through the home defence but his shot curved just wide of the far post.
And Blackpool made Everton pay for that profligacy by reclaiming the lead after a goalmouth scramble three minutes into the second half.
Everton appealed for handball against DJ Campbell as the striker shielded the ball from Distin.
Nothing was given and the ball fell to Vaughan to shoot from the edge of the area.
The midfielder slammed his first effort into the body of a defender but reacted quickly to fire home at the second attempt.
But again Blackpool could not hold their lead for long.
Coleman pounced on a poor header by Stephen Crainey barely two minutes later and raced into the area to unleash a fierce shot which squeezed under the body of Gilks.
Both sides continued to attack with Adam shooting wide after a menacing run by Campbell and Pienaar having a shot blocked by Eardley.
John Heitinga then picked out Gilks with a volley from the edge of the box and the goalkeeper did even better to deny Pienaar at point-blank range after a neat interchange with Cahill.
Substitute Louis Saha had a great chance midway through the second half after racing onto a fine ball from Pienaar.
The France striker took a touch on the edge of the area and admirably chose not to go down as Evatt grabbed his arm but he screwed his shot wide.
Everton threw on another striker in Jermaine Beckford and the former Leeds man twice had close-range efforts blocked within moments of leaving the bench.
Blackpool then finished the stronger with Adam forcing a fine save from Howard with a powerful drive.
Harewood then thought he had snatched victory in the last minute but he was adjudged to have fouled Distin in the build up.
