Tevez treble downs Baggies
A first-half hat-trick from birthday boy Carlos Tevez gave Manchester City a thoroughly comfortable 3-0 win over West Bromwich Albion at Eastlands.
On his 27th birthday, Tevez helped himself to the match ball as a present as he bagged two penalties either side of a superlative finish to hand City their first win in three Premier League games.
West Brom had their moments before City went ahead through Tevez's opening spot-kick on 17 minutes after Aleksandar Kolarov was tugged back.
Tevez then scored a wonderfully crafted goal as he played a one-two with David Silva before curling the ball home.
The game as a contest was wrapped up just before the break when Tevez again scored from the spot following Jerome Thomas' handball.
The win is a big boost for Roberto Mancini's men, who have now moved to within a point of Arsenal in second.
It was just the result Mancini was looking for as it came on the day a minute's applause was held in memory of former favourite Neil Young, who died recently after a long battle against cancer.
City almost took the lead in the fourth minute when West Brom defender Paul Scharner failed to cut out a cross from Kolarov.
Tevez was perfectly positioned and got in a first-time shot that beat goalkeeper Boaz Myhill but he saw it come back off the post.
Albion responded in the 12th minute. Chris Brunt delivered a well-struck free-kick on the edge of the area but goalkeeper Joe Hart diverted his effort to safety.
A minute later Hart was again forced into action, tipping a looping header from Jonas Olsson over the bar.
City made the breakthrough in the 17th minute with Steven Reid punished for barging Kolarov. Tevez sent Myhill the wrong way from the penalty spot.
Tevez extended their lead in the 22nd minute after skipping into the area following a one-two with Silva before finding the corner with his effort.
West Brom continued to be pegged back and Olsson did well to block Silva's path to goal in the 31st minute after he had linked up with Yaya Toure.
A minute later Myhill reacted superbly to get the slightest touch to a Kolarov thunderbolt and touch it onto the bar.
City continued to turn the screw and Silva made space for himself in the area only to see his shot beaten away by the goalkeeper.
Tevez completed his hat-trick in the 36th minute with his second penalty of the game.
Thomas, for reasons only known to himself, handled in the area and referee Martin Atkinson had no hesitation in pointing to the spot. Tevez stepped up and this time sent his effort high over Myhill to make it 3-0 to City.
The skipper came close to adding a fourth in the 42nd minute after being set up by Silva but the ball went the wrong side of the post.
However, West Brom almost pulled a goal back two minutes into the second half when Peter Odemwingie scampered forward only to see his effort turned away at the post by Hart.
Then Marc-Antoine Fortune squandered a good opportunity for the visitors, finding the side-netting from a good position.
West Brom again pushed forward and Hart had to be alert in the 71st minute to turn away a free-kick from Nicky Shorey 20 yards out.
Tevez should have scored his fourth of the game eight minutes later when he was set up by Gareth Barry.
Given how prolific he had been in the match there were gasps of astonishment around the ground when he spooned the ball over the bar from six yards.
Substitute Shaun Wright-Phillips was then denied by Myhill on the stroke of full-time as City secured their first win in three games.
