Balotelli hero and villain
Mario Balotelli hit a brace before being sent off as Manchester City halted their mini slump to inflict a first home defeat on West Brom.
The City striker slotted home a Carlos Tevez cross on 20 minutes before doubling the advantage six minutes later after a pass from David Silva.
West Brom improved after the break and hit the woodwork via a shot from Simon Cox before Balotelli, who had just been booked, was then sent off on 63 minutes after tussling with Youssouf Mulumbu and appearing to aim a kick at him.
The Baggies hit the woodword again before Mulumbu, who was booked in the incident with Balotelli, was then dismissed himself for a late challenge on Tevez as both teams ended with ten men.
The win halted a three-match losing run in all competitions for City and kept them fourth in the table, while the Baggies missed the chance to leapfrog their opponents with the defeat.
With Arsenal being defeated by Newcastle, the result meant City drew level on points with the Gunners in the top flight.
It also meant the Blues overcame their hoodoo at The Hawthorns, where they had been beaten on their last four visits in all competitions - including a Carling Cup tie earlier in the season.
Given that and the recent struggles of Roberto Mancini's side, the Baggies had plenty of reasons to feel confident going into the match, and it was evident in the way they got started.
Chris Brunt ran on to a neat throughball from Marc-Antoine Fortune after only a couple of minutes, with Kolo Toure making an interception which almost resulted in an own goal.
Moments later, Brunt curled in a shot that Vincent Kompany managed to block before Nigel de Jong picked up a yellow card for a blatant handball.
At the other end Balotelli, preferred as partner for Tevez in attack to the benched Emmanuel Adebayor, went down in the box under Marek Cech's challenge, but referee Lee Probert waved play on.
City were starting to impose themselves and a shot by Tevez - who was back in the City team following his two-match injury lay-off - ricocheted off a West Brom shirt to Pablo Zabaleta, who fired over the bar.
Balotelli tried to find Tevez with a back heel just before the quarter hour mark and when he did claim possession, the skipper saw his effort deflect wide.
The link-up play was more effective in the 20th minute, though, as the visitors went ahead through Balotelli, the 20-year-old notching his first Premier League goal by sliding in to meet a cross from Tevez, who had latched on to Silva's incisive pass.
Silva had a chance to double the lead soon after but saw his attempt blocked by Scott Carson.
West Brom looked to respond quickly and Brunt delivered a useful cross which Fortune was just unable to get on the end of.
But having made the breakthrough, Balotelli took only six minutes to strike again and put City 2-0 up.
Silva was involved once more, lofting a pass to the former Inter Milan man who used his power to create an opening before slotting home.
City then almost increased their advantage when Tevez sent a free-kick on to the roof of Carson's net.
Balotelli then caused uproar by bundling over Nicky Shorey, although Probert did not deem the incident worthy of a yellow card.
The City striker might have been presented with a chance to complete his hat-trick just before the break but Yaya Toure's cross was cleared away.
City continued to press as the second half got under way, with Jerome Boateng finding himself in an unusually advanced position and just beaten to the ball by Carson.
Cox almost pulled one back for Albion in spectacular fashion, though, with a swerving effort that cracked against the post.
Having no doubt impressed watching Italy boss Cesare Prandelli with his finishing prowess, Balotelli then received his marching orders after being shown yellow and then red cards in quick succession.
The man advantage seemed to rouse the Baggies, who panicked City into hitting the ball against their own bar from a corner, before Joe Hart tipped Shorey's free-kick over.
Having been given fresh attacking impetus by the introduction of joint top scorer Peter Odemwingie - fit again after a knee injury - and Giles Barnes and roared on by their fans, the home side kept up the tempo, with Mulumbu and Brunt shooting too high.
But it was only in terms of players that they found themselves level with eight minutes of normal time remaining as Mulumbu was dismissed for a late challenge on Tevez - West Brom's third red card of the week after they were reduced to nine men at Blackpool on Monday.
Albion tried to remain on the front foot but could not find a way through as City made off with a morale-boosting three points.
