City destroy dour Baggies
Carlos Tevez scored on his first start since September as Manchester City thumped West Brom 4-0 to keep their Premier League title hopes alive.
All the pre-match talk was of Tevez's inclusion, but it was his compatriot Sergio Aguero who stole the show with two goals and two assists.
Aguero opened the scoring in just the sixth minute and doubled the hosts' advantage shortly after the interval.
The 23-year-old then turned provider, cutting back for Tevez to slot home - his first Premier League goal since scoring against Stoke on May 17 in 2011.
Tevez was withdrawn soon after, but Aguero continued his powerful display and put David Silva through on goal on 64 minutes, with the Spaniard delightfully chipping the onrushing Ben Foster.
The win cuts Manchester United's lead at the top of the table to five points after the league leaders suffered defeat at Wigan.
City suffered an apparently fatal blow to their title chances as they slumped to defeat at Arsenal on Sunday, but they lived up to promises to go down fighting as they returned to the Etihad Stadium.
For much of the game they were a side far removed from the tension-ridden one of recent weeks and played much more like the carefree team they were in the autumn.
City were without injured lynchpin Yaya Toure while the suspended Mario Balotelli was present only in an executive box.
Tevez's first start since his much-publicised dispute with the club gave the side a different look while West Brom, making five changes after manager Roy Hodgson claimed they were virtually safe, offered little.
They was a further change in the middle as referee Lee Mason, involved in controversy in United's weekend win over QPR, was replaced by Kevin Friend due to family reasons.
City began well with Aguero breaking into the box in the opening minutes and cutting back, only to have his shot blocked.
The opener came after just six minutes as Aguero collected the ball midway inside the West Brom half and ran diagonally towards goal before lashing in a low shot past Ben Foster from 25 yards.
City looked back to their best as Aguero and Samir Nasri combined to set up Tevez, but he blasted over.
The fit-again Silva, whose outstanding early season form has tailed off in recent months, then skipped into the area and beat Foster only to get in a tangle with Tevez.
Silva linked better with Tevez moments later but Foster parried his close-range shot.
Micah Richards should have doubled the lead just after the half hour as he timed his run onto Tevez's pass perfectly and cut back to shoot past Foster, but Craig Dawson blocked on the line.
Graham Dorrans shot straight at Joe Hart as West Brom made a rare foray forward but City began to slow as the first half wore on.
Tevez turned nicely to release Silva but the Spaniard was caught and it was not until after the interval City regained their zest.
Nasri volleyed wide from a Silva cross soon after the restart and City really started to lift themselves as news filtered through to the crowd that United had fallen behind at Wigan.
City's second came in the 54th minute as Nasri seized on a poor clearance and slipped in Aguero to slide the ball past Foster.
It almost immediately got worse for the Baggies as Nasri found space and shot narrowly wide and Youssouf Mulumbu headed an Aguero cross-shot off the line.
Tevez claimed his goal on the hour, the Argentinian finding himself in the right place to tuck home an Aguero cut-back from a Nasri pass.
That proved Tevez's final involvement as he was replaced moments later by Adam Johnson but City continued to pour forward.
A fourth goal duly arrived after Jonas Olsson conceded possession to Aguero and he quickly released Silva, who took the ball in his stride and sublimely chipped the advancing Foster.
After that, City then seemed to put their cue on the rack and play out time.
Edin Dzeko came on for the outstanding Aguero after 73 minutes and much of City's cutting edge appeared to go with the Argentinian.
City seemed happy to wind down the clock safe in the knowledge that victory had been assured.
