Premier League: Norwich safe after hammering West Brom at Carrow Road
Norwich beat West Brom 4-0 at Carrow Road to secure their place in the Premier League next season.
West Brom had won on their last three visits to Carrow Road but there was no chance of them extending that record on Sunday.
The home side had scored 16 fewer goals than at this stage last season and won fewer games in 2013 than any other top-flight side but they were quickly into their stride as Wes Hoolahan and Robert Snodgrass made their intentions clear early on by driving at the West Brom back four.
Snodgrass it was who looked the most dangerous but his crosses were being dealt well with by Gareth McAuley and Jonas Olsson.
Then, just as it looked like West Brom had weathered the early storm Grant Holt delivered a ball from the right which Ryan Bennett headed into Hoolahan's path. Ben Foster reacted quickest in the West Brom goal but his save fell to Snodgrass and he converted expertly high into the net.
It was the goal Chris Hughton's men deserved and they could have doubled their advantage just before the break but Hoolahan's 25 yard drive was tipped over by Foster.
Steve Clarke made a double change at half-time bringing, Billy Jones and Chris Brunt on for Markus Rosenberg and Steven Reid, but it had little impact and Norwich doubled their lead on 62 minutes.
Holt chased a Hoolahan through-ball but Foster had a moment to forget when he missed his kicked clearance and left Holt free to walk the ball into the net.
The game was over three minutes later when Snodgrass delivered a teasing ball from the right only for the helpless Foster to look on as McAuley headed past him and into the back of the net.
West Brom briefly threatened but it was never going to be their day. Jones looked like he had created an opening but Ruddy claimed easily.
Then in the 90th minute Jonny Howson combined with former Leeds team-mate Luciano Becchio before curling an unstoppable shot past Foster.
It was a fitting reward for Howson and rubber-stamped his side's position as a Premier League side for another season.
Hughton <a href='http://www1.skysports.com/football/news/11709/8709160/Norwich-manager-Chris-Hughton-says-it-means-everything-to-survive' class='instorylink'>could not hide his delight</a> and feels his team deserves to stay in the Premier League.
"I am absolutely delighted," he told Sky Sports. "Over the season we deserved it even though it has been tough the last few weeks."
In contrast, West Brom boss Clarke was <a href='http://www1.skysports.com/football/news/11698/8709222/Steve-Clarke-unhappy-with-West-Brom-s-display-in-loss-to-Norwich-City' class='instorylink'>disappointed by the lack of hunger from his team</a>.
He told Sky Sports: "It is the poorest we have played all season. We were looking to break the 50-point mark but today Norwich were hungrier and sharper than us, it was their day.
