Winning start for O'Neill
Sunderland scored two goals in the last six minutes to claim a 2-1 win over Blackburn in Martin O'Neill's first game in charge.
Simon Vukevic's header midway through the first half threatened to spoil O'Neill's day at the Stadium of Light.
But with Blackburn penned back for most of the second half, Sunderland battled back in spectacular fashion. Firstly through David Vaughan's equaliser as he fizzed his drive in from 25-yards.
Then in the final-minutes Seb Larsson curled home a brilliant free-kick to give the home side an unlikely three points.
It was just Sunderland's fourth home win in 2011 and their second over Blackburn, and just what the bulk of a crowd of 39,863 had turned up to see.
O'Neill gambled on the fitness of young striker Connor Wickham in his return from a knee ligament injury and Sunderland started brightly enough as full-back Phil Bardsley saw a third-minute shot deflected wide by Chris Samba and then had another effort blocked by Jason Lowe three minutes later.
Yakubu also saw strong claims for a penalty turned away when Titus Bramble appeared not to get any of the ball when sliding in on the Nigerian in the box.
And it was Rovers who took the lead and they did so with the help of some woeful defending by the Black Cats.
Morten Gamst Pedersen's driven free-kick was somehow allowed to reach Samba on the edge of the penalty area and after he had controlled deftly, he drilled a deflected right-foot shot across Kieren Westwood.
The Republic of Ireland international could only palm the ball away and midfielder Vukcevic, playing in a protective face mask, headed into the empty net.
Sunderland should have been level within two minutes, but their lack of confidence in front of goal came back to haunt them once again.
Stephane Sessegnon got in behind full-back Gael Givet, who left the pitch five minutes later after complaining of a high heart rate, and squared the ball perfectly for Kieran Richardson.
The midfielder had just Paul Robinson to beat from six yards, but he took a heavy touch and then saw his effort smothered by the goalkeeper as he came to meet him.
Bardsley had another shot blocked by Lowe and Sessegnon fired wide from the rebound, while Vaughan curled over from distance as Sunderland pressed for an equaliser.
But the Black Cats might have found themselves further behind four minutes before the break when Westwood failed to collect another Pedersen free-kick and Scott Dann headed home, only for referee Peter Walton to rule that the goalkeeper had been impeded by Samba.
Martin Olsson, who had replaced Givet with 22 minutes gone, failed to re-appear after the break with Adam Henley taking his place, and he was soon followed by Grant Hanley, who came on for Michel Salgado with six minutes of the half played.
Sunderland had started brightly and went close with 54 minutes gone when Richardson's inswinging corner hit the near post with nobody close enough to capitalise on the rebound.
Rovers gradually eased their way back into the game as an attacking force, having seemed largely content to soak up pressure.
However, Robinson had to pull off a fine 65th minute save to keep out Richardson's volley after it took a wicked deflection off Pedersen.
O'Neill sent on winger James McClean and striker Ji Dong-won for Jack Colback and the tiring Wickham with 14 minutes remaining, but it was Sessegnon who had the home fans on their feet which he sent an acrobatic overhead kick just over the bar.
But Vaughan gave Sunderland hope with six minutes remaining when he ran on to a loose ball and blasted home from distance with Robinson helpless.
