Hutton stuns resilient Wolves
Substitute Alan Hutton pounced on a Wolves error to help secure a 3-1 win for Tottenham over Mick McCarthy's men.
The Scotsman was in the thick of the action after coming on as a second-half substitute when his surging run led to an ill-judged Stephen Ward tackle in the box to give the referee no choice but to award a penalty.
Rafael van der Vaart coolly stepped up to slot the spot-kick past Marcus Hahnemann and cancel out an earlier Steven Fletcher opener for Wolves.
It was then the turn of another substitute, Roman Pavlyuchenko, who came on for Robbie Keane and had very little service before he latched on to a Tom Huddlestone strike to place his effort past Hahnemann.
Hutton was then on hand to cap off a fine second half Spurs display and kill off a resilient Wolves outfit when a defensive mix-up gifted the right-back a goal. His effort cannoned off Richard Stearman and looped over Hahnemann in the dying minutes of the game.
Harry Redknapp handed a first start since January to Keane and had the added bonus of having a match-fit Van der Vaart who looked every bit the world-class player which left Real Madrid.
From the off Spurs dominated possession but failed to break down a tremendously tough Wolves defence which increased in confidence as the game at White Hart Lane went on.
As Spurs became more and more frustrated, Wolves were committed to every challenge making sure Redknapp's outfit worked hard for any possible opener.
Kevin Foley had a superb game after initially being handed a yellow card with less than 20 minutes gone when he was adjudged to have caught Gareth Bale from behind.
Seeking their first home goal of the Premier League season, Spurs finally forced Hahnemann to make a save in the 24th minute. The American was sent sprawling to deny Bale who was bearing down on goal before Michael Mancienne and Ward threw themselves in front of Keane's follow-up to block the rebound.
Hahnemann was called into action again six minutes later after the ball sat up
perfectly for Van der Vaart. The Dutchman brought the ball down with expert precision and smashed a volley on goal which the shot-stopper got fingers to push over the bar. The goalkeeper also denied Peter Crouch's 33rd-minute header from a dangerous Bale cross.
Crouch was winning almost everything in the air but it was strike partner Keane who had the best headed chance of the half six minutes before the break however the Irishman's connection was poor and he fired wide following great work again from Bale who skinned his marker Foley.
Huddlestone was booked for handling Jarvis' attempted cross before Wolves snatched the lead when the recalled Fletcher tucked in Foley's low cross from point-blank range.
Redknapp was then forced to substitute an injured Younes Kaboul after the defender started brightly. Hutton came on to record his first Spurs appearance since January.
Jermaine Jenas glided his way through the Wolves defence in the opening moments of the second half before Jody Craddock finally robbed him with a superbly-timed tackle.
Hutton then cut inside from the right and curled a 20-yard left-footer that sailed inches wide.
Wolves withdrew Jarvis for Jelle van Damme in the 54th minute before Van der Vaart bent an excellent shot wide on the turn. Keane almost produced a spectacular equaliser three minutes later, his scissor-kick from another outstanding Bale cross just failed to find the target.
Wolves boss McCarthy immediately threw on Dave Edwards for Fletcher to further bolster his side.
Van der Vaart and Van Damme were involved in an angry 65th-minute exchange which earned the Dutchman a booking and marred a super display from the playmaker.
Redknapp replaced a frustrated Keane with Pavlyuchenko before Wolves
defender Stearman - starting his first league game since January - went close to getting his head on David Jones' corner.
Spurs must have thought their luck was out but Ward handed them a gift of a chance to equalise when he rashly brought down Hutton inside the area with 15 minutes remaining.
Van der Vaart displayed his quality to coolly slot home and send Hahnemann the wrong way from the spot for his first Tottenham goal. Spurs pushed for a winner with Huddlestone going close and Van der Vaart dragging a shot wide.
Van Damme's effort was denied by a vital block in the box from Crouch and the Belgian was also booked for impeding Carlo Cudicini.
Van der Vaart was replaced by Aaron Lennon as Wolves began to tire which the winger took full advantage of.
His pacey run down the right gave him a yard of space and Lennon stood up an inviting pass into the air which was partially cleared. The loose ball found its way to Huddlestone who struck an effort goalbound - however it fell kindly to Pavlyuchenko who drove the ball past Hahnemann.
