Premier League: Stoke and West Brom played out a 0-0 draw at the Britannia Stadium
Stoke continue their search for a first league win since August after earning a 0-0 draw with West Brom at the Britannia Stadium.
The Baggies' Youssouf Mulumbu was unfortunate not to be awarded a spot-kick after being clipped by Charlie Adam in the second half of a dull Premier League clash at the Britannia Stadium.
Ireland could have increased West Brom's ire moments later but blazed over while Stephane Sessegnon could have won it in the last minute when he shot at Asmir Begovic after beating the defence.
Despite that, a draw was perhaps a fair result for a game that failed to spark, aside from the occasional flashes of excellence from players such as Sessegnon, Ireland and Marko Arnautovic.
The result meant goal-shy Stoke have still only struck the net four times this season.
Sessegnon was the star of the show, working a number of chances for the visitors with some tricky runs, but Stoke keeper Asmir Begovic was more than his equal to keep Stoke in the game.
Stephen Ireland and Marko Arnautovic were bright for the home side and both had chances to break the deadlock, but the sides eventually had to settle for a stalemate.
Benin international Sessegnon nearly opened the scoring after 20 minutes, jinking past two players and getting his shot away, only for Stoke keeper Begovic to get down well to keep it out.
It was Sessegnon again who created the next opportunity following Victor Anichebe's excellent tracking back, allowing the attacking midfielder to lay the ball off to Morgan Amalfitano, but Begovic was again quick to stop the effort.
The home side had their chances too as their new-found passing ethos continued to take effect. It was from a free-kick however where their best first-half chance came, when Charlie Adam slipped in Ireland behind the Baggies' back-line, but Ireland's low effort was well saved by Boaz Myhill.
The second half continued the end-to-end football of the first, with both sides enjoying sustained periods of possession.
After 55 minutes, West Brom nearly reaped the dividends. Youssouf Mulumbu burst into the box, as Adam appeared to step on the heel of the midfielder, only for the officials to wave play on to the dismay of the visitors.
Not long after, Stoke fashioned their best chance.
The impressive Arnautovic's driven, low cross found an unmarked Ireland on 62 minutes, but the Irishman's powerful effort was blazed over the bar when he should have done better.
West Brom tried to change the flow by sending on Nicolas Anelka and Shane Long in attack but Stoke continued to press better.
The roles were reversed minutes later, with Ireland's delivery just evading the foot of Arnautovic as both sides went in search of a winner.
Sessegnon attempted to test Begovic with a powerful 25-yard shot but the goalkeeper was not troubled.
Mulumbu nearly found it late on for Steve Clarke's men with a curling effort, while Sessegnon's brilliant composed run beat three players, but Begovic was again the hero for Stoke as he rescued a point.
