Premier League: Danny Welbeck earns Arsenal 2-2 draw with Hull City
Danny Welbeck netted a stoppage-time equaliser as injury-hit Arsenal fought back to draw 2-2 with Hull City in their Premier League clash at the Emirates.
The Gunners, with a makeshift defence and missing Mesut Ozil because of a kneeinjury, took an early lead through Alexis Sanchez.
However, Hull hit back with a controversial equaliser from Mohamed Diame, asArsenal claimed a foul in the build-up, and then took the lead at thestart of the second half through Abel Hernandez, who had only been playing afteran injury to Nikica Jelavic in the warm-up.
Arsenal, who lost Jack Wilshere to what could prove to be another ankleproblem, pressed to get back into the match, but looked to have been frustrated untilWelbeck slotted home in the first of six minutes of added time.
They then almost snatched the three points at the death through Kieran Gibbs, who was denied by stand-inHull goalkeeper Eldin Jakupovic.
The Gunners made a bright start as Welbeck collected a ball up to the edge of the Hull penalty area and held offJames Chester before rifling in an angled drive, which Steve Harper beat awayand then was quick to block the follow-up from Sanchez.
Even better was to come from the Hull goalkeeper, though, as Harperacrobatically tipped over a curling 20-yard effort from Santi Cazorla at fullstretch with one hand.
However, he could do little to prevent Arsenal sweeping into the lead on 13minutes with a finish of the highest quality from Sanchez.
The Chile forwardcollected the ball on the right, and darted into the Hull penalty area beforecutting back inside to drill a low shot across the goalkeeper into the farcorner.
After Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's shot was blocked by Curtis Davies as theArsenal players appealed for handball, Hull were level on 17 minutes whenDiame picked the ball up some 25 yards out and barged past Monreal.
Mathieu Flamini then looked to have been pulled back by the midfielder, butreferee Roger East allowed play to continue, with Diame clipping the ball overWojciech Szczesny - much to the dismay of the Arsenal players and bench.
Arsenal looked to regain the initiative, having been in complete control beforethe controversial equaliser.
Hull dropped plenty of men behind the ball and proved difficult to break downin the final third.
There was a delay just before half-time when Harper needed treatment aftercollecting a pass-back and looked to have injured his shoulder or neck.
VeteranSwiss keeper Jakupovic came on andHull snatched the lead right at the start of the second half.
Tom Huddlestone got clear on the right and floated a ball into the Arsenalpenalty area, where Hernandez easily got in front of Per Mertesacker to power aheader past Szczesny.
Once again Hull sat back, inviting Arsenal pressure, but the hosts continued tolack any spark in the final third.
With 26 minutes left, Hernandez was replaced by Gaston Ramirez, while Arsenalsent on Aaron Ramsey, out for several weeks with a hamstring injury.
Wilshere then hobbled off after looking to have jarred his ankle in a tacklewith Ramirez, which earned him a yellow card. Costa Rica forward Joel Campbellcame on.
Hull defender Michael Dawson went down in a heap at an Arsenal corner, but wasable to continue only to then be forced off after blocking a goal-bound effortfrom Sanchez, who then saw a looping header tipped over by Jakupovic.
Just after the fourth official showed six minutes of added time, the Chileanskipped to the edge of the Hull area before slipping in Welbeck,who guided the ball into the far corner to equalise.
Arsenal poured forwards in search of a dramatic winner, with Jakupovic spillinga low shot from Cazorla and then blocked Gibb's late run at the far post as Hullheld out.
 Matt Le Tissiers verdict 
Hull did come close, but in the cold light of day Steve Bruce would probably accept that a point was a decent return for him. They were hanging on and hanging on and once they were 2-1 up they didnt show any will to get forward again. They all sat back and invited Arsenal onto them  and Arsenal are so good, at the Emirates, at nicking late goals to save matches and thats exactly what they did today. In the end, I think Steve Bruce will accept a point.
It sounds silly when theyve let in two goals, but Arsenals new-look defence didnt have much to do. Hull just didnt attack that much to test them out, really. Theres no way in the world the first Hull goal should have stood. It was a foul, one million per cent.
