Hammers held by resilient Pool
West Ham and Blackpool settled for a point apiece in a game of missed opportunities at Upton Park.
Blackpool boss Ian Holloway had threatened to quit if fined for making 10 alterations for the midweek defeat at Aston Villa, and elected to make 11 for this clash as he recalled his main men against the Hammers.
Referee Kevin Friend took centre stage when he denied the home side what looked two clear first-half penalties much to the disappointment of the home supporters.
Pablo Barrera thought he had been taken down in the box by Stephen Crainey before Craig Cathcart seemingly handled Victor Obinna's goal-bound effort.
Second half substitute Marlon Harewood, on his return to East London, thought he had given Pool the lead, but the striker's effort was ruled out by the referee's assistant for offside.
Harewood was in the thick of the action late on when he somehow managed to miss from three yards out after Crainey had driven the ball across the box.
Robert Green was called into action several times and was relieved to see Charlie Adam's speculative effort from the halfway line drift narrowly over.
Hammers striker Carlton Cole hit the post after coming off the bench but neither side was able to break the deadlock.
West Ham remain rooted to the bottom of the table after recording their third successive Premier League draw while the Seasiders remain just two points above the drop zone.
West Ham had not won in the league since the end of September. However, it was a positive start by the Irons, as fit-again Mark Noble stabbed a 20-yard effort wide.
Frederic Piquionne, who scored a penalty in the 2-2 draw against West Brom here on Wednesday night, broke down the left and cut inside the box, but his shot was charged down before Daniel Gabbidon headed a corner over.
West Ham were forced into a change after 18 minutes when midfielder Kieron Dyer, just back from a hamstring problem, was replaced by Mexico winger Barrera.
Blackpool had a good spell, as DJ Campbell fired a snapshot straight at Robert Green.
West Ham had what looked a strong penalty claim turned down by referee Friend when left-back Crainey appeared to trip Barrera out on the right touchline.
At the other end, David Vaughan drove into the left side of the West Ham area before releasing a low shot which flew just wide of Green's post.
The home side were again screaming for a spot-kick when Obinna's fierce 18-yard drive struck Cathcart on the arm, but once more the referee was not interested.
Blackpool had to replace goalkeeper Matthew Gilks at the start of the second half, after he had appeared to jar his knee when clearing a goalkick, with Richard Kingson coming on for an unexpected second appearance of the week.
West Ham had another great chance when Luis Boa Morte was slipped into the left side of the penalty area by Scott Parker, but dragged his shot wide of the far post.
Blackpool captain Charlie Adam spotted Green off his line and so tried an audacious chip from just inside the West Ham half which, fortunately for the backpedalling keeper, dropped over the bar.
Obinna drilled the ball high and wide after it was cut back from the touchline - much to the frustration of the Irons fans behind the goal in the Bobby Moore Stand.
Blackpool substitute Harewood almost returned to haunt his former club, but his scrambled goal from a free-kick was ruled out for offside.
Parker scampered into the Blackpool box before cutting the ball back to Barrera on the penalty spot, but his sidefoot effort was blocked by Ian Evatt.
West Ham substitute Carlton Cole almost had an instant impact but his deflected close-range effort struck the outside of the post.
Gary Taylor-Fletcher then skied the ball over the bar when arriving in the penalty area following a quick Blackpool break down the left.
Kingson made an acrobatic one-handed save to tip Noble's curling 20-yard effort behind.
There was an almighty let-off for the hosts when Harewood somehow stabbed the ball wide from six yards before Green deflected away a goalbound effort from Cathcart.
