Dogged Stoke defeat Reds
Stoke maintained their unbeaten start to the Premier League season whilst ending Liverpool's in the process with a 1-0 win at the Britannia Stadium.
The only goal of the game came from the penalty spot, as Jon Walters slammed home after being felled by Liverpool's stand-in skipper Jamie Carragher.
It came against the run of play and the visitors bombarded Stoke's goal thereafter, with Ryan Shawcross and Asmir Begovic inspirational at the back for the Potters.
Liverpool had a handful of half-hearted penalty appeals of their own turned down, and went close on several occasions late on, but little was going in their favour.
The win lifts Tony Pulis' side above Liverpool in the table and the Reds remain without a win at the Britannia Stadium since Stoke's return to the top flight.
Not since 1968 have Stoke recorded back-to-back home league wins over Liverpool and the result brought a side brimming with confidence before the international break back down to earth with a hefty bump.
The Potters were a threat from set-pieces but deadline-day signing Peter Crouch, making a debut against his former club, weakly headed wide one free-kick.
At the other end, Luis Suarez somehow failed to connect with Charlie Adam's inswinging corner to the far post from close range.
Martin Skrtel, who started at right-back, nipped in front of Shawcross to prevent the Stoke captain getting his head to Matthew Etherington's free-kick as the hosts generated some early pressure.
But the opening goal, when it came, was created from a simple ball over the top which caught Carragher out of position.
The Reds centre-back looked to have made good ground to get around Walters but when the Stoke forward went down with Carragher's arm around his waist referee Mark Clattenburg pointed to the spot.
Walters picked himself up to drill the spot-kick high and straight down the middle of the goal, sending Reina to one side.
Stoke were blocking most avenues open to Suarez, with two defenders on occasions but the Uruguayan still found ways of getting past.
He easily turned Robert Huth on the left and crossed to the far side of the penalty area where an onrushing Skrtel appeared to be clipped by Etherington just before he blazed a shot over.
After a relatively quiet start to the second half, the match exploded into action just past the hour as Liverpool had five shots in the space of 20 seconds but still could not find a way through.
Jose Enrique's through-ball sent Jordan Henderson racing clear through the middle but he side-footed his first shot straight at Begovic.
The goalkeeper made a good save from the follow-up and Matthew Upson's chest blocked the third.
However, the danger was not over as the loose ball dropped to Adam's left foot but Shawcross blocked his first effort from the edge of the penalty area and Begovic got back to stop the rebound.
The introduction of Craig Bellamy and Andy Carroll for Henderson and Dirk Kuyt respectively ramped up the pressure on the hosts in the final 20 minutes.
But Stoke manned the barricades and with Liverpool seemingly intent on going through the middle more often than not they made it easier for their opponents to crowd them out.
Stoke were being forced back and it was midfielder Dean Whitehead who put in the crunching block tackle inside his own penalty area which denied Suarez yet again.
It is not in the Uruguay international's nature to give up and he kept plugging away, seeing his shot across goal tipped wide by Begovic.
Stewart Downing cut inside from the right to blaze over, Carroll had a claim for a penalty when his shot appeared to hit the arm of Whitehead while Bellamy headed Downing's cross wide.
Then, Suarez was convinced he should have had a spot-kick when his cross hit Upson's arm but neither referee Mark Clattenburg nor his assistant spotted the offence.
And the striker had another chance in the fourth minute of added time when Begovic and Shawcross got in each other's way but he stabbed wide with the goal gaping.
Stoke were hanging on at the end - something they are well equipped and well-enough drilled to do - and they blunted everything Liverpool threw at them.
          </tr>
