Premier League: Crystal Palace fight back to hand Alan Pardew point against Newcastle
Crystal Palace and Newcastle played out a 1-1 draw at Selhurst Park on Wednesday night in Alan Pardews first meeting with his old club.
The visitors had led at the break through top-scorer Papiss Cisses 10th goal in just 16 Premier League games this season on what was the Senegal strikers first start for the club since December.
But Pardew  who endured some unsavoury chants from the away end  saw his side deservedly draw level after 71 minutes thanks to substitute Fraizer Campbells well-taken strike.
Palace, who have now taken 10 points from a possible 15 under Pardew, sit 13th in the table, two places behind Newcastle.
The home side had dominated the opening 45 minutes without ever really testing Tim Krul in the Newcastle goal, despite Campbell correctly having a goal ruled out for offside, before finding themselves 1-0 down three minutes before half-time following the visitors first shot on goal.
Picking up possession midway in the Palace half on the right wing, Daryl Janmaats skil took him past the backtracking Wilfried Zaha, before the Netherlands internationals inch-perfect centre from the byline was headed powerfully past Julian Speroni at his near post by Cisse.
That strike forced Palace to throw caution to the wind in the second half, and even more so after the double introduction of both leading-scorer Dwight Gayle and Yannick Bolasie  back from the Africa Cup of Nations  with a quarter of the game remaining.
But it was the latters appearance which really seemed to stir Palace into life as Bolasie created his sides equaliser with virtually his first touch since replacing left-back Martin Kelly, his brilliant curling centre toe-poked home by the unmarked Campbell  who had replaced the injured Yaya Sanogo midway through the first half  from six yards out.
A Palace winner looked inevitable, only for Pardews men to be denied twice late on by heroic Newcastle defending.
With 15 minutes remaining, and again after yet more enterprising wing play by Bolasie, Zaha saw his fiercely-struck effort from the edge of the area blocked by the onrushing Janmaat.
And then, right at the very death, Palace centre-back Brede Hangeland rose majestically to head Jason Puncheons right-wing centre goalwards, only for Krul to somehow claw his effort wide of the post.
 Player ratings 
 Crystal Palace:  Speroni (6), Ward (6), Hangeland (7), Delaney (6), Kelly (7), Puncheon (7), McArthur (6), Ledley (6), Zaha (8),Chamakh (7), Sanogo (6)
 Subs:  Bolasie (8), Campbell (8), Gayle (6)
 Newcastle United:  Krul (6),Janmaat (9), Williamson (6),Coloccini (7),Haidara (6),Sissoko (6),Colback (6),Ayoze Perez (5),Cabella (6),Gouffran (6),Cisse (8)
 Subs: Riviere (6),Abeid (6),Dummett (6)
 Man of the match: Daryl Janmaat
 See all the Premier League goals on SSNHQ from midnight - or from 6am on Good Morning Sports Fans. 
