Reading came from 2-0 down to beat West Brom 3-2 at the Madejski Stadium
Reading came from 2-0 down to beat West Brom 3-2 at the Madejski Stadium, where Pavel Pogrebnyak bagged the winner.
Brian McDermott's side displayed the qualities they will need to stay in the Premier League in eight frantic minutes to record only their third win of the season and move them off the bottom of the table.
As the game entered the closing stages and with West Brom appearing to have secured all three points, Reading staged the most unlikely of comebacks.
Romelu Lukaku put West Brom 1-0 up in the first half after neat approach play by James Morrison. Reading failed to contain Morrison and it was one of many chances Lukaku was presented with by the Scotsman over the course of the afternoon.
In the second half the on-loan Chelsea frontman doubled West Brom's lead and it was the same combination of players again. Morrison received the ball on halfway and released Lukaku. The striker opted to hit his shot early and it beat Adam Federici at his near post.
Lukaku could have earlier put the game beyond Reading, striking the upright with a header again after tidy play by Morrison, and then hitting the underside of the bar.
At this stage it looked like West Brom might run away with things as they continued to test Federici in the Reading goal.
But substitute Garath McCleary crossed for Jimmy Kebe to head in with eight minutes remaining and then the otherwise impressive Jonas Olsson fouled Kebe and Reading's other substitute Adam Le Fondre stepped up to convert from the spot.
The stage was then set for Reading to transform what looked to be one of their worst performances of the season into their best.
In stoppage time Alex Pearce climbed highest to nod down the Reading free-kick and when it broke to Pogrebnyak on eight yards he made no mistake, flicking the ball over Ben Foster.
It was a fitting reward for the Russian, who worked tirelessly all afternoon but more importantly moved his side back above QPR and off the bottom of the Premier League.
The defeat will be hard for West Brom to take having got so close, but that's three defeats in five on the road for Steve Clarke's men and they remain in seventh place, two points above Liverpool.
