Dour stalemate at St Andrews
Birmingham City have equalled a 103-year record after a drab goalless draw with Wigan Athletic at St Andrews.
In what proved to be a tempestuous clash devoid of goalmouth action for long periods, Blues took their unbeaten home record in the Premier League to 18 games, matching a record dating back to 1907.
Saturday's clash may have provided Alex McLeish's side with an impressive achievement of solidity in their backyard, but the record which stretches back exactly 12 months came at a cost as the hosts were reduced to 10 men in the final minute of normal time.
Craig Gardner, who has been in sterling form so far this season, was given his marching orders when he dived into a challenge on Latics substitute Franco Di Santo, leaving referee Mark Clattenburg with no option but to dismiss the four-goal midfielder.
But the Blues were not made to pay for their numerical deficit as Roberto Martinez's side were unable to break down City, despite Charles N'Zogbia's best attempts to beat the boo-boys who were giving him a roasting after his protracted move to Birmingham broke down last month.
Despite the historical feat, it was a below-par performance from the home side who have won only two of their last 16 top-flight games.
McLeish is fully aware that he is still searching for the right combination in the final third of the pitch and that was evident through Jerome, last season's leading scorer with 11 goals, who missed two golden first-half chances to earn his side all three points.
Jerome can never be faulted for work-rate and commitment but lacks the finesse in the box of a top performer.
City struggled to impose themselves on the Latics, who followed up their win at Tottenham with a solid performance.
Wigan winger N'Zogbia was heckled every time he touched the ball by the partisan St Andrews faithful after the 11th-hour collapse of his move to Blues in August.
But he showed enough skill and touches to demonstrate why McLeish had agreed a 9million fee for his services.
Birmingham made a positive start and came close to taking the lead after three minutes.
Wigan defender Steve Gohouri's attempted headed clearance from Sebastian Larsson's cross dropped invitingly to Alexander Hleb 12 yards out and his volley flew only a couple of feet wide.
N'Zogbia looked lively and one run and cross teed up a chance for Hugo Rodallega 15 yards out but Blues defender Scott Dann made a great block on the shot.
The former Newcastle player then forced City goalkeeper Ben Foster to turn a rising 20-yard drive over the bar after a mistake by Lee Bowyer had led to the opening.
Jerome then missed a good chance to break the deadlock after 26 minutes.
Larsson again showed skill to get to the byline before sending over a deep cross, but Jerome failed to make full contact on his close-range header which flew wide.
Johnson and Rodallega were both booked after squaring up to each other on the edge of the Birmingham box and Ronnie Stam was booked by referee Clattenburg for bringing down Gardner in full flight.
Blues ended the opening half on a high and Gohouri was also booked for a challenge on the edge of the Wigan box on Jerome.
Ali Al Habsi parried away Larsson's inswinging free-kick and then reacted quickly to block the follow-up effort from Jerome from two yards out but the striker should have scored.
Birmingham seemed off the pace but still continued to create the best chances.
Liam Ridgewell headed wide from an inswinging Larsson free-kick when unmarked.
Foster comfortably saved a low effort from N'Zogbia at the end of a swift counter-attack by the Latics.
Wigan made their first change after 59 minutes with Stam replaced by Di Santo.
McLeish responded by making a double substitution with Bowyer and Hleb making way for Nikola Zigic and Jean Beausejour.
Dann was booked for a touchline challenge on Di Santo as the game entered the final 20 minutes.
Al Habsi came quickly off his line to save at the feet of Jerome after Larsson supplied the through ball.
Di Santo tried to beat Foster with a shot via the outside of his right boot but the former Manchester United goalkeeper was able to save to his right.
