Bent enjoys dream debut
Darren Bent marked his first appearance for Aston Villa with the winning goal as Manchester City's title hopes were dented by a 1-0 defeat.
Bent has found himself at the centre of a war of words between his current and former employers since joining from Sunderland earlier this week but it was clear to see why Villa were prepared to pay big money to secure his services as he made a decisive contribution on his debut.
Gerard Houllier's men have become embroiled in a relegation scrap partly because of a lack of goals but Bent showed his predatory instincts to tuck the ball home on 18 minutes after Joe Hart had parried Ashley Young's curling effort.
Manchester City dominated possession thereafter but Villa defended resolutely and looked comfortable until a late period of extreme pressure from the visitors, when Nigel de Jong's deflected effort struck the post.
Villa held firm to pull clear of trouble and leave City third in the Premier League standings, three points adrift of leaders Manchester United.
Villa had a let-off after 16 minutes when an inswinging corner from Aleksandar Kolarov caused problems but neither Edin Dzeko nor Carlos Tevez could apply the decisive touch from close range.
After 18 minutes Villa Park erupted when Bent converted his first chance for his new club.
Gabriel Agbonlahor found Young in space and his curling effort was parried aside by Hart.
But Bent was first to react to the rebound and slotted it into the corner of the net.
City tried to retaliate and Brad Friedel produced a fine save to tip Vincent Kompany's header over the bar from Kolarov's corner.
Ciaran Clark became the first player to be yellow-carded after bringing down Dzeko.
Young almost picked out the late run of Bent with a fine pass but the ball skidded off the surface.
Hart was also alert to cut out a similar ball from Agbonlahor aimed at the former Sunderland player.
Former Villa captain Gareth Barry went close to bringing City level after 37 minutes when his glancing header slid past the far post from Jerome Boateng's threatening ball into the box.
Young got plenty of power behind a low 20-yard drive in the last minute of the half but Hart had his body behind the ball.
City continued to press at the start of the second period.
Collins blocked a shot from Dzeko after the striker had cut inside following good play by David Silva.
Dzeko got on the end of a corner from Kolarov but could not keep his header down.
Mancini made his first change after 57 minutes with Adam Johnson replacing Barry who was jeered by home fans as he left the pitch.
Friedel knew little about keeping out a powerful low drive from Boateng which bounced off him and away to safety.
Dzeko looped a header past the post and the pressure increased from the visitors while at the other end Hart was called into action to turn a dipping drive from Young away for a corner.
Kolarov was booked after 69 minutes for bringing down Marc Albrighton.
Cuellar threw his body in front of a drive from Dzeko to typify Villa's fighting spirit, while Downing cut in from the right but his rising effort did not over extend Hart.
Collins produced another superb block to deny a Tevez volley as the game entered the final 10 minutes.
Clark deflected a 25-yard shot from De Jong against a post with Friedel stranded, and then Dzeko headed wide from close range when it seemed easier to score.
In a rare Villa attack Young poked the ball wide at the near post from Albrighton's cross, but one goal was enough.
