Toon hold on to deny Pool
Blackpool were unfortunate not to claim all three points as they were held to a 1-1 draw at home to Newcastle.
But with relegation rivals Wigan losing at Sunderland, a point proved to be enough to take Ian Holloway's men back above the Latics and out of the bottom three.
Peter Lovenkrands punished a Charlie Adam error to give Newcastle a 17th-minute lead before the hosts, who are in bigger need of points, got on top for long periods.
Pool had three good penalty shouts turned down in a first half which saw DJ Campbell glance in a 32nd-minute equaliser from Adam's corner.
Adam then hit a post as the Tangerines piled on the pressure during the second half, missing a host of chances.
But Pool could not maintain that momentum and Newcastle were able to secure a point from a pulsating contest to remain ninth in the Premier League.
Referee Martin Atkinson left the field to a chorus of boos for not giving the hosts at least one penalty, yet they only have themselves to blame for the opener.
Talismanic captain Adam was fit to remain in the starting line-up after injuring his foot in last week's home defeat by Wigan and his wayward pass 35 yards out was cut out by Joey Barton, who laid off for Lovenkrands to find the bottom corner with a low left-footed strike from just over 20 yards.
By then, Gary Taylor-Fletcher had fired narrowly wide for Pool while Atkinson had already waved away one penalty shout as Campbell went down after nipping in front of Newcastle centre-back Mike Williamson.
Winger Matt Phillips was one of three changes for Pool and he blazed over from Adam's clever corner, which the Scottish midfielder rolled into the box in the 25th minute.
Then came the Seasiders' second penalty appeal as Campbell latched onto Jose Enrique's woeful ball across his own goalmouth, but Tim Krul appeared to win the ball as he dived at Campbell's feet.
The hosts finally got the rub of the green as Campbell flicked Adam's near-post corner goalwards with his heel and Atkinson deemed it had crossed the line before Enrique headed clear at the far post.
Shola Ameobi and Lovenkrands spurned chances on the break for Newcastle but Blackpool continued to show all the spirit for which they have become renowned this season and they were again denied a spot-kick in the 37th minute.
And this was probably their biggest shout yet as Newcastle right-back Danny Simpson slipped and fell on the ball inside the box yet. Contact was clearly accidental but there can be no denying both his hands touched the ball.
Enrique cleared an Alex Baptiste shot off the line while Campbell headed Phillips' cross into the side-netting, and the second half began at the same frenetic pace, with Ameobi firing just over after a driving run by Newcastle captain Kevin Nolan, who was back from suspension.
Adam went close with a low free-kick which curled just wide and Neal Eardley clipped another set-piece narrowly over the bar.
Blackpool should have claimed the lead just after the hour when Stephen Crainey picked out Taylor-Fletcher with a superb left-wing cross but the striker's glancing header flew over.
The Seasiders were again cursing their luck as Campbell played a one-two with Phillips before Adam hit a sweet low shot from the edge of the box across goal and against the far post.
Fabricio Coloccini then blocked Taylor-Fletcher's close-range effort, with Keith Southern turning the loose ball over from just outside the box.
