Villa ease to Rovers win
Alex McLeish registered his first win as Aston Villa manager on his home debut following a comfortable 3-1 success over Blackburn.
Villa were always in control of the contest and edged ahead on 12 minutes through a fantastic individual goal from Gabriel Agbonlahor.
The England international then turned provider on 25 minutes, setting up strike partner Emile Heskey, who slotted past Paul Robinson in Blackburn's goal.
Rovers improved after the break and threatened a comeback when Morten Gamst Pedersen headed them a lifeline after good work by Junior Hoilett.
The hosts restored their two-goal advantage, however, with Darren Bent capitalising on an error by youngster Grant Hanley, thumping in Villa's third on 67 minutes.
The vitriol and animosity that had greeted former Birmingham boss McLeish's appointment two months ago appeared a thing of the past as time had clearly proven a great healer to the vibrant Villa fans.
The applause was certainly long and warm as he made his way to his dugout shortly before kick-off, and again when his name was aired over the public address system shortly after.
What followed was as comfortable a performance as he could have wished for as Villa strolled into a 2-0 lead by the interval.
It was nothing more than they deserved as Blackburn were a team lacking drive and purpose in these early stages of the season.
The opener, however, was special, coming after a quiet opening period in which neither side had gained a foothold.
Attacking from the left-wing position, Agbonlahor cut his way into the area before delivering a stunning curled strike from 15 yards beyond Paul Robinson's flailing grasp.
Midway through the half Agbonlahor, who only scored five goals last season, almost doubled his and Villa's tally.
In attempting an audacious effort from 30 yards, Robinson needed to be at his best to claw the ball out of the air that was again destined for the top left of his net.
The former England goalkeeper, though, was beaten again soon after, with Agbonlahor the supplier in teeing up Heskey in the 25th minute.
From inside the D, Heskey's edge-of-the-area shot made its way beyond Robinson, ending a 13-game drought for the striker stretching back to 2nd January.
Heskey should have made it 3-0 in the 34th minute, but despite a clear sight of goal after receiving a pass into his feet from Bent, his first touch was too strong, allowing returning captain Ryan Nelsen to clear.
In reply, Rovers barely figured but for one 12-yard drive from new striker David Goodwillie, signed from Dundee United in the summer, that was fired over the angle of the woodwork.
After a virtual no-show in the first half, the goal that gave them a lifeline in the 52nd minute was a bolt from the blue, but classy nonetheless.
Neat footwork from Hoilett down the left wing saw him evade two tackles, carving out a position from which he delivered a piercing cross.
Stealing in between centre-backs Richard Dunne and James Collins, Pedersen planted a powerful header past goalkeeper Shay Given from six yards.
For a period that followed Villa appeared to lose their way, in particular as they had lost Agbonlahor at the break to a knock sustained before the interval.
McLeish was also forced to make two further changes due to injuries to Luke Young and Heskey, but any concerns as to a Rovers fightback were eased midway through the half when the two-goal cushion was restored.
After young defender Hanley had blocked a speculative shot from captain Stiliyan Petrov, Bent was quick to seize on the loose ball before delivering a clinical finish beyond Robinson to seal the three points.
