Villa hold on for Toffees win
Everton await their first Premier League win of the season after Luke Young's early strike sealed a 1-0 win for Aston Villa on Sunday.
David Moyes' men were the better side for the majority of the 90 minutes, in which they had 18 corners, but could not find a way past the inspirational Brad Friedel in the Villa goal.
The American keeper denied Louis Saha at full stretch in the final minute of added time as Villa heroically clung on to Young's 9th minute opener.
It was the perfect response from Villa, who were battered 6-0 at Newcastle last week, and caretaker boss Kevin MacDonald now has two wins under his belt.
The Toffees have made their worst start for 11 years with just one point after three games and lie in the relegation zone with only Stoke and West Ham below them.
Everton dominated for lengthy spells in terms of possession with Mikel Arteta pulling the strings in the middle of the park but they lacked a cutting edge until Saha's introduction early in the second period.
Ashley Young posed the biggest threat for Villa while Nigel Reo-Coker - a late replacement for Stephen Ireland after he was injured in the warm-up - made his presence felt in midfield.
The visitors, searching for their first league win of the campaign, started the brighter of the two teams.
But after nine minutes Villa took the lead through Luke Young's second ever goal for the club since his move from Middlesbrough in the summer of 2008.
John Carew headed the ball into the path of Ashley Young who held the ball up before releasing Luke Young. He kept his nerve before driving a left-footed shot wide of Tim Howard.
Everton tried to retaliate and Dunne was booked for body checking Jermaine Beckford 25 yards from the Villa goal.
Arteta curled the free-kick over the defensive wall although Brad Friedel made a comfortable enough save.
But the veteran keeper was beaten in the 18th minute by Pienaar's curling effort from the edge of the box which crashed against the crossbar.
Marouane Fellaini got on the end of a hanging centre from Baines but his header lacked direction or power.
Everton recovered well from their setback and started to enjoy the lion's share of possession with Baines and Hibbert getting forward to good effect.
Everton forced six corners by the half-hour mark compared to Villa's one.
Marc Albrighton tried his luck from 20 yards out and his shot cannoned off Sylvain Distin for a corner.
Villa appealed in vain for a penalty in injury-time after a challenge from behind on Albrighton by Pienaar following a darting run.
Villa began the second half in a more positive vein and Carew was not far off target with a glancing header from Ashley Young's right-wing cross.
Ashley Young then made a probing run forward in a quickfire counter-attack before striking his 20-yard effort just past the post.
David Moyes made his first substitution after 56 minutes with the ineffective Beckford replaced by Saha.
Tim Howard made a fine double save to keep out Carew's cross shot and the follow-up attempt from Ashley Young.
At the other end Friedel also excelled to keep out Saha's volley while Jack Rodwell's header flashed wide from an Arteta free-kick.
Collins and Albrighton were booked in quick succession for fouls on Cahill and Baines respectively.
Villa striker Gabriel Agbonlahor came on in place of Carew after 68 minutes while Rodwell made way for Seamus Coleman two minutes later.
Albrighton should have made it 2-0 but shot over with the goal at his mercy after Howard had parried Ashley Young's shot.
Villa skipper Stiliyan Petrov was yellow carded for a challenge on Pienaar and Moyes brought off Hibbert for John Heitinga with 10 minutes remaining.
