Benayoun buries 10-man Villa
A late header from substitute Yossi Benayoun earned Arsenal a 2-1 victory against 10-man Aston Villa.
Villa seemed to have earned a point when Marc Albrighton levelled Robin van Persie's penalty with the 20,000th Premier League goal, but the on-loan Chelsea midfielder headed home to secure Arsenal's eighth win in 10 matches.
The Gunners took the lead when Van Persie equalled Thierry Henry's club record - 34 - for the most Premier League goals in a calendar year from the penalty spot.
Mikel Arteta's quick throw was collected by Theo Walcott who was pulled back in the area by Ciaran Clark and referee Jonathan Moss immediately pointed to the spot.
The Dutchman stepped up to slam the ball past Brad Guzan for his 16th Premier League goal of the season and his 47th in 55 games.
Villa levelled things up nine minutes into the second half as winger Albrighton scored the 20,000th Premier League goal.
Albrighton's milestone effort came after a mistake at the back by defender Thomas Vermaelen which allowed the winger to slot the ball under goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny.
However, Arsenal wrapped up the win thanks to Benayoun's 87th-minute decider from Van Persie's corner kick and some slack marking by Gabby Agbonlahor.
Villa defender Alan Hutton was sent off in stoppage time for two bookable offences.
The home side were the first to threaten and it needed a fine save from Szczesny to prevent Agbonlahor giving them a sixth-minute lead.
N'Zogbia floated the ball in the Gunners box after a one-two with Albrighton and Agbonlahor's header from close range was parried by Szczesny.
Villa looked more aggressive and committed than against Liverpool at the weekend
N'Zogbia was looking lively and got the better of Francis Coquelin before delivering a cross to the near post. Agbonlahor was first to react but Aaron Ramsey got in an important block.
It was against the run of play when Van Persie put Arsenal ahead.
Clark tugged at the shorts of Walcott inside the box and referee Moss pointed to the penalty spot.
Up stepped Van Persie to hammer the spot kick into the roof of the net.
Walcott could have made it 2-0 after running onto Van Persie's pass.
But Guzan was alert and raced out of his box to block the shot with his chest.
N'Zogbia was having one of his best games for Villa and he nutmegged Coquelin before sending him a teasing cross which eluded everyone.
Coquelin became the first player to be yellow carded after 28 minutes for a mis-timed challenge on N'Zogbia.
Ramsey should have done better in an Arsenal counter-attack when he shot well wide after a Van Persie flick on.
Clark was booked after 38 minutes for a foul on Arteta and then Mertesacker was yellow carded for checking the run of N'Zogbia.
Villa continued to do most of the pressing at the start of the second period.
Szczesny was forced into a hurried clearance under pressure from Albrighton.
When Arsenal counter-attacked Mertesacker failed to make proper contact on his shot from a Walcott cross.
But after 54 minutes a mistake by Vermaelen allowed Albrighton to score the 20,000th goal since the Premier League began nearly 20 years ago.
The Villa winger kept his cool before sliding the ball wide of Szczesny.
Arsenal retaliated instantly and Guzan produced a superb save to deny Mertesacker in a counter-attack.
They forced a string of corners in quick succession but Villa held firm.
Van Persie was booked after 78 minutes for diving in the Villa box.
Dunne produced another vital interception to block a shot from Rosicky and substitute Andrey Arshavin had a shot deflected over the bar.
But then Benayoun broke Villa's hearts as he was left with a free header inside the box from Van Persie's corner.
Hutton was booked for a foul on Van Persie and then sent off in injury-time for a second yellow card offence on Vermaelen.
Villa have donated the 20,000 cheque from Barclays for the 20,000th goal to their official charity partner, the Acorns children's hospice.
The win for Arsenal moved them level on points with fifth placed Chelsea while Villa dropped down to 12th.
