Rovers pay the penalty
Blackburn Rovers missed two penalties before seeing Everton snatch a 1-0 victory with a spot-kick of their own in an entertaining game at Ewood Park.
Mikel Arteta's stoppage-time conversion sealed Everton's first points of the season while struggling Blackburn remain pointless after three games.
Steve Kean's side only have themselves to blame for missing out on a result, though, with the first of their two penalty misses coming shortly after the restart.
Everton youngster Ross Barkley was caught in possession and hauled down substitute Mauro Formica, but Junior Hoilett saw his effort parried clear by Tim Howard.
In the 83rd minute, the hosts were awarded a second bite of the cherry, with Formica once again drawing the foul, this time from Phil Jagielka.
Formica picked himself up to take the spot-kick, but struck it firmly against the post with the rebound falling kindly for the visitors.
And Rovers, who struck the woodwork from open play on two occasions, were made to pay for their wasted opportunities, as Christopher Samba was penalised for climbing over Marouane Fellaini in injury-time.
Spaniard Arteta showed Rovers how it should have been done, calmly stroking the ball into the bottom corner and sending Paul Robinson the wrong way to steal the points for David Moyes' men.
Despite both sides still looking for their first point of the new campaign there was no sign of early caution and Rovers could have had an early opener but for the woodwork.
David Dunn latched onto Hoilett's pull-back in the area and, after losing his marker, hit a low angled shot that rebounded back off the post.
Jason Roberts was then sent sprawling in the area by Howard but referee Lee Mason correctly adjudged the Everton goalkeeper had got a touch on the ball first.
Kean was not without his misfortune, though, as injury forced him into a double substitution after 34 minutes with Morten Gamst Pedersen and Dunn going off.
They were replaced by summer signing Radosav Petrovic and Formica respectively.
Blackburn won their first penalty a minute after half-time when Barkley brought down Formica in the area.
The Everton teenager had lost the ball in midfield and after trying to make up for the error he left a leg out that the substitute fell over after cutting inside.
But Howard, whose blunder cost the Toffees a 1-0 opening-day defeat on the same ground last year, saved Hoilett's spot-kick with a diving save to his left.
Despite the miss Blackburn, and especially Hoilett, stepped up the pressure and Howard had to save again after a Samba header crept through a host of bodies.
Martin Olsson fizzed a free-kick just over before Formica shot when stand-in skipper Emerton, who was making his farewell appearance before his move to Sydney FC, was better placed to his right.
Moyes needed to make a change and hauled off Barkley for the experience of Cahill, who has been struggling for fitness of late.
The visitors then began to get back into the game and Cahill's lay-off allowed Leighton Baines to cut inside and force a good save from Paul Robinson.
Fellaini then wastefully side-footed over when he ran onto Anichebe's low centre just inside the area.
Howard then made his second telling contribution 12 minutes from the end when he clawed away Formica's close-range shot.
Goodwillie had beaten Baines and cut a pass inside but, with the Argentinian seemingly set to score, Howard blocked with an out-stretched arm.
Blackburn's second penalty miss arrived on 83 minutes as Formica stepped up to take the spot-kick, but fired it against the upright.
Rovers were then made to pay for their profligacy as Everton were duly awarded a spot-kick of their own in injury-time when Samba, who had been excellent prior, climbed over Fellaini.
          </tr>
