Walcott inspires Gunners rout
Blackpool were given a harsh Premier League lesson on Saturday as a Theo Walcott hat-trick helped Arsenal to a 6-0 win at Emirates Stadium.
It took the Gunners just 12 minutes to open the floodgates, with Walcott rounding off a flowing move with a composed finish.
Blackpool did spurn a great opportunity to haul themselves level moments later through Gary Taylor-Fletcher, but saw any hope they had of giving their illustrious opponents a tough time extinguished shortly after the half-hour mark.
Once Ian Evatt hacked down Marouane Chamakh in the box and was sent for a nearly bath, the game ended as a contest.
Andrey Arshavin converted the resulting penalty and Walcott bagged his second of the afternoon six minutes before the interval.
The Arsenal onslaught continued after the break and Abou Diaby grabbed a fourth for Arsene Wenger's men on 49 minutes as the Seasiders again failed to contain their free-flowing opponents.
The icing on the cake for the Gunners arrived on 58 minutes when Diaby fed Walcott and he fired low into the corner to complete a memorable treble.
Seven minutes from time Wenger's men made it six when the hard-working Chamakh rose highest to nod home a corner from substitute Robin van Persie.
Almost 3,000 Blackpool fans - packed into the newly renamed Clock End - had made the long journey south, perhaps more in hope than genuine expectation of another shock result.
However, Gunners boss Wenger had warned against underestimating the threat of the Premier League new boys, and Ian Holloway's men certainly started with no fear.
Blackpool broke quickly and David Vaughan tried his luck from 20 yards but shot straight at Manuel Almunia.
However, Arsenal were soon in front.
Arshavin fed Chamakh down the left, and the free transfer signing from Bordeaux quickly laid the ball off to Tomas Rosicky, who in turn rolled a pass onto the advancing Russian.
With the Blackpool defence stretched, Arshavin put Walcott clear into the right side of the penalty area, and he dispatched a first-time strike into the bottom corner in the 12th minute.
It was a vintage Arsenal goal but the hosts were almost caught cold immediately afterwards.
Stephen Crainey sent over a lovely cross from the left, which dropped to Taylor-Fletcher at the far post but his downward header was just wide.
Walcott scampered away again down the right, before cleverly delaying his centre into the path of Arshavin, who crashed a half-volley goalwards, but Seasiders goalkeeper Matthew Gilks made a fine reaction save.
Chamakh almost rolled an 18-yard shot into the far corner after some more good work from Walcott on the edge of the area.
Arsenal were awarded a penalty in the 32nd minute when Evatt slid in from behind on Chamakh, in a challenge which looked just outside the box.
Referee Mike Jones pointed to the spot and despite the Blackpool protests, went straight to his pocket for the red card. Arshavin stepped up to drive the ball into the bottom right corner.
It was now a case of damage limitation for Blackpool, who brought on new signing Dekel Keinan, the Israel defender, for midfielder Ludovic Sylvestre.
A brilliant block from Gilks prevented Chamakh from making it 3-0, before, in the 38th minute, Walcott turned Keinan on the penalty spot and drilled the ball into the far corner.
Busy Blackpool goalkeeper Gilks saved Chamakh's near-post effort from Gael Clichy's left-wing cross. However, he was picking the ball out of the net again four minutes after the restart when Diaby swept in Bacary Sagna's centre.
Walcott completed his hat-trick in the 58th minute when he curled the ball inside the far post after being played in by Diaby.
Arshavin squared for Chamakh in the six-yard box, but the ball took a bounce just ahead of reaching the Moroccan striker, who shinned it over.
As the hour mark passed, Arsenal introduced Cesc Fabregas and Van Persie, replacing Diaby and Arshavin, to a standing ovation before Walcott was also given a well-deserved rest.
