Rovers hit rock bottom
Steve Kean suffered what could prove to be a fatal blow to his prospects of staying in charge at Blackburn as Bolton secured a 2-1 victory in a thrilling contest at Ewood Park, easing the pressure on Owen Coyle.
The home side made a dismal start and were a goal down within five minutes as some shambolic defending allowed David Ngog to cut a pass back to the unmarked Mark Davies, who stroked a first-time effort beyond Paul Robinson.
Ivan Klasnic started the move that ended with Bolton bagging their second on the half-hour, with Martin Petrov racing down the left wing before crossing back to Nigel Reo-Coker, who despite having his back to goal, had enough time to turn and drill a low shot into the bottom corner.
Rovers dragged themselves back into the contest in the 67th minute when Junior Hoilett came in from the left and flicked a pass through to Yakubu Aiyegbeni, who slotted home with ease.
But despite chances at both ends in the remaining minutes of the match, there were to be no further goals, allowing Bolton to climb off the foot of the table and ensuring that Blackburn would spend Christmas in last place.
Kean, who has long been the subject of derision from his own supporters, came in for some sustained abuse during the match, with the club's owner Venky's also targeted.
Only one side has avoided being relegated in May from that position and it is hard to see Kean inspiring Blackburn the way Bryan Robson famously did at West Brom.
As the first-half drew to a close, it was hard not to feel sorry for Kean. All alone in the technical area, in the rain, he cut the figure of a very lonely man.
The Rovers fans had abandoned their two-game pledge to get behind their players on Saturday, just as Peter Odemwingie's shot hit the back of the net to condemn them to another defeat against West Brom.
And any hope of the fragile peace being restored was wrecked after just four minutes.
It had already become clear Bolton were more atuned to the task in front of them when Christopher Samba made a hash of a clearance and Ngog had enough space inside his box to regain his feet and slide a pass back to Davies.
The midfielder had not scored for over a year. On this occasion, his aim was true and he found the bottom corner, beyond the despairing grasp of Robinson.
Cue the anti-Kean venom, which came rippling down the stands from all sides.
The response was a good deal more passionate than anything Kean's players could muster. Shorn of a full defence due to injury, Rovers were a pitiful sight.
Gary Cahill, named skipper after Coyle took the brave decision to axe Kevin Davies, screwed a glorious chance to double Bolton's lead wide. But it was only a matter of time before the visitors struck again.
Klasnic's deft touch found Reo-Coker, who continued his forward charge after releasing Petrov down the left.
When Reo-Coker collected the cross, he had his back to goal. But he got the better of Morten Gamst Pedersen far too easily and, yet again, Robinson was beaten to his bottom corner.
The response was predictable, although the Rovers fans did, at times, widen their abuse towards their owners, Venky's, who they blame for all the mess.
The Bolton contingent gleefully made it worse, chanting 'You should have kept Big Sam' in honour of their former boss, sacked by Blackburn 12 months ago to make way for Kean. Their Blackburn counterparts quickly joined in.
It was unpleasant to say the least, and the noise continued as soon as Kean returned for the second-half.
His team came so close to giving him something to shout about though, with Junior Hoilett pulling the ball back to Steven Nzonzi, whose effort flew just over with Jussi Jaaskelainen nowhere.
It was the start of a far better period for Rovers, who pulled one back midway through the half when Hoilett cut in off the left flank and found Yakubu with a slide-rule pass that invited the neat finish.
Rovers piled forward looking for the equaliser, with Samba going close and a couple of Hoilett crosses fizzing across the box.
But the second would not come. And in truth it probably would not have mattered anyway as the Rovers fans unleashed more anger at the final whistle.
