Black Cats savage weary Wigan
Sunderland battled back from a goal down to beat Wigan 4-2 after an action-packed second half.
It was a tale of two halves at the Stadium of Light as the game burst into life after the break with Sunderland showing a determination that has been lacking in recent weeks.
Goals from Asamoah Gyan, Stephane Sessegnon and a Jordan Henderson brace saw the Black Cats take all three points after going behind to a Mohamed Diame thunderbolt.
A dour first half was marred by a nasty head injury to Phil Bardsley, an early setback that was made worse by both Asamoah Gyan and Danny Welbeck pulling up with hamstring injuries.
Wigan showed little going forward but were able to snatch a late consolation at the death through Franco Di Santo.
It was just what manager Steve Bruce, who claimed a first win over his former club, needed in the 500th league game of his managerial career, although it came at a cost with Welbeck and Gyan joining Fraizer Campbell on the injured list.
Bruce went into the game bemoaning the injury list he believes is the root cause of their recent slump.
By the time the 26th minute had elapsed, the casualty count had increased once again.
Full-back Bardsley was carried off the field on a stretcher having been given oxygen and taken straight to hospital after an early clash of heads with team-mate Nedum Onuoha.
Anton Ferdinand took his place as Bruce was forced to make an early substitution for the third successive home game.
But if there was no legislating for Bardsley's misfortune, Welbeck's departure was depressingly predictable with the striker having spent the last week battling a hamstring problem before being declared fit to start.
Welbeck had scuffed a second-minute shot straight at keeper Ali Al Habsi and Gyan headed wide from an Ahmed Elmohamady cross.
The best chance of the half went Wigan's way when, with 31 minutes gone, Ben Watson robbed Lee Cattermole deep inside the Sunderland half and the ball ran to striker Hugo Rodallega.
The Colombian thumped a rising shot towards goal, where keeper Simon Mignolet, who endured a difficult afternoon at Birmingham last weekend, made an important save.
Charles N'Zogbia, a long-time target for Bruce, saw a late drive blocked after he cut inside from the right.
Diame, who had scored in the corresponding fixture last season, put Wigan ahead.
The midfielder accepted N'Zogbia's pass and turned expertly past Michael Turner before smashing a 25-yard drive past Mignolet.
The lead lasted just three minutes as the Black Cats got themselves back into the game.
Henderson took a short free-kick but when the ball was eventually fed out to substitute Steed Malbranque on the right, he cut inside before crossing.
The Frenchman's ball was perfectly weighted for Gyan to rise and power home a close-range header.
But Gyan's joy was shortlived as he left the field on a stretcher within nine minutes having pulled up clutching his hamstring.
The resulting reshuffle saw Sessegnon pushed up front, but it was local boy Henderson who fired his side in front for the first time when he controlled substitute Sulley Muntari's cross on his chest before drilling a left-foot half-volley into the top corner.
Sessegnon got his big chance with 17 minutes remaining when he was barged to the ground by defender Antolin Alcaraz inside the penalty area and referee Lee Probert pointed to the spot.
The Benin international sent Al Habsi the wrong way to wrap up the win, although he was not finished for the afternoon.
Four minutes later, it was he who picked out Henderson in space inside the box and the youngster finished with aplomb once again.
