Premier League: Tottenham's Christian Eriksen secures dramatic win at Hull
Christian Eriksen snatched a late winner as Tottenham fought back to claim a 2-1 victory over 10-man Hull at the KC Stadium.
The Danish midfielder completed a second-half rally with an 89th minute strike, which piled more punishment on Hull after Gaston Ramirez saw red shortly after the break.
Hull had led through Jake Livermore's first-half effort, but Harry Kane equalised against the depleted Tigers, who remain worryingly close to the Premier League drop-zone, while Tottenham edged into the top half.
Roberto Soldado tested the alertness of Allan McGregor with an early shot, but Tottenhams defence was breached by the first genuine attack from Hull. Livermore (8) punished hesitancy from his former side, racing onto a loose ball and sending a fizzing drive into the far corner.

Some crisp passing from Spurs only briefly took the eye from their defensive frailties and nerves jangled again when Robbie Bradys drive was expertly kept out by Hugo Lloris.

The Frenchman then watched on with relief as Hatem Ben Arfa blazed over after he pushed out a thumping effort from Ramirez.

Eriksen, a busy figure in midfield, tried to inject urgency into the visitors, who threatened before the break when Erik Lamelas shot stung the palms of McGregor.

Hulls grip on the game was loosened just six minutes into the second-half after the red mist descended for Ramirez. The midfielder lashed out with his boot after being nudged in the back by Jan Vertonghen, earning a swift punishment from referee Craig Pawson.

Spurs attacked the weakened hosts with fresh vigour and a tempting ball from Ben Davies just evaded the outstretched leg of Soldado.

But the predatory Kane (61) snatched a leveller soon afterwards. Hulls defence seemed to stand still as Eriksens swirling free-kick bounced of a combination of McGregor and post, giving the striker time to tap in from close range.

Kane, one of the bright spots in a drab few months for Spurs, nearly added his second when he nodded over, while Ryan Mason tested McGregor from distance.

Hull were really hanging on and Lamela should have done better when he floated the ball over the bar from a promising position.
But with just a minute of normal time left, Eriksen capped off an energetic display by driving a precise shot into the bottom corner.

