Baggies hold off Gunners
West Brom held off a late fightback from Arsenal to register a shock 3-2 win at the Emirates.
The Baggies had a first-half Chris Brunt penalty saved by Manuel Almunia but raced into a 3-0 lead thanks to second-half goals from Peter Odemwingie, Gonzalo Jara and Jerome Thomas.
Samir Nasri then dragged his side back into the game with a brace (75, 90) to set up a nervy finish.
But Roberto Di Matteo's side held on to post a famous win, while Arsene Wenger's team will rue a missed opportunity after leaders Chelsea lost at Manchester City earlier in the day.
It was Arsenal's first home defeat since they lost to Manchester United in January and kept them four points adrift of the Blues while Albion moved up into fifth place.
The Baggies showed their intent when Thomas caused the home defence an early scare but his cross from the left wing evaded the lurking Odemwingie.
Emmanuel Eboue had the first real chance for Arsenal in the 13th minute but his shot on the turn from the edge of the penalty area went wide of Scott Carson's right-hand upright.
Andrey Arshavin should have put the home side in front seconds later but he managed to hit the post twice when he got on the end of a cross from Eboue.
It was a close escape for the visitors who were now beginning to feel the full onslaught of Wenger's side.
In the 20th minute, Marouane Chamakh went close with a six-yard header as Arsenal continued to surge forward.
Four minutes later, Nasri's 25-yard low drive flashed just wide of the target.
Odemwingie almost gave the visitors a shock lead against the run of play in the 27th minute but Almunia pushed his angled drive just wide of the post.
Albion were enjoying their best spell of the game and seconds later Almunia had to be alert to collect a dangerous left-wing cross from James Morrison.
Wenger was forced to stalk the edge of his technical area in frustration and his demeanour was not eased by Nasri's volley into the crowd from 18 yards in the 36th minute.
Almunia then became the villain and hero in the space of 60 seconds as West Brom squandered a great chance to take the lead.
In the 37th minute Almunia brought down the speedy Odemwingie and referee Michael Oliver rightly awarded a penalty and booked the keeper.
But Chris Brunt's poor left-footed effort was easily saved by Almunia, who dived to his right to keep it out.
In the final minute of the half, Albion keeper Carson had to be at his best to deny Bacary Sagna's six-yard header - tipping his effort over the bar.
But West Brom took the lead in the 50th minute when Thomas wriggled free on the left flank and crossed into the six-yard box for the unmarked Odemwingie to put the Baggies ahead.
And it got worse for the home side two minutes later when Almunia blundered to allow Albion to make it 2-0.
Jara passed to Brunt on the right who back-heeled back to set Jara free and his low angled drive from the right edge of the penalty area deflected off Almunia and into the net.
The Albion scorer was booked for taking his shirt off in celebration.
Wenger immediately responded with a double substitution, sending on Jack Wilshere and Tomas Rosicky in place of Abou Diaby and Eboue.
The changes helped to revive the Gunners but West Brom's defending was committed and impressive.
In the 66th minute, Arsenal made a third change when Wenger removed Laurent Koscielny in favour of Carlos Vela.
Arsenal pushed forward in numbers but Albion's rearguard held firm despite all the home side's efforts.
West Brom sensationally made it 3-0 when Brunt crossed for the livewire Thomas to fire into the net in the 73rd minute.
But Arsenal finally reduced the deficit two minutes later when Nasri danced through the West Brom defence before firing past Carson.
