Grant Holt goal gives Norwich first win of the season as they beat Arsenal
Grant Holt's first-half goal was enough to secure Norwich's first win of the season as they beat Arsenal 1-0 at Carrow Road.
When Norway international Alexander Tettey tried his luck from distance , Vito Mannone was unable to hold his powerful effort and Holt was quickest to react to slot home.
The victory gives Chris Hughton his first Premier League win in charge of the Canaries and moves his side out of the relegation zone in the process.
The Gunners were unbeaten on the road going into this game and Arsene Wenger had pinpointed October as the moment of truth for his side.
But while Arsenal dominated possession for long spells, with the home side getting bodies behind the ball it was difficult for Santi Cazorla and Mikel Arteta to get Olivier Giroud into the game.
In fact, Norwich were a regular threat on the break and should even have doubled their lead before the break when Michael Turner headed wide from Anthony Pilkington's right-wing corner.
Jack Wilshere was on the bench for the visitors as he edges back to full fitness but he was not used here as Wenger was forced to use two substitutions bringing on Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and then taking him off injured minutes later.
It summed up a difficult evening for Arsenal on a day they slipped 10 points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea.
Norwich started brightly as winger Pilkington, watched by Republic of Ireland manager Giovanni Trapattoni, fired a 20-yard effort wide.
At the other end, German forward Lukas Podolski cut in from the left and flashed a shot across the face of John Ruddy's goal.
Norwich did not resemble a team which had shipped 17 goals in their previous seven games, and looked much more of an attacking threat with Wes Hoolahan tucked in behind Holt.
The Canaries were in front on 20 minutes.
Tettey let fly from 25 yards across a skiddy surface and Mannone - again deputising for injured number one Wojciech Szczesny - parried the ball back out into the six-yard box, where Holt was quickest to react ahead of Per Mertesacker and stab home.
Arsenal had also fallen behind at West Ham last time out, and soon went on the offensive again.
Bradley Johnson, who was on Arsenal's books as a youngster, was cautioned for a late challenge on Cazorla.
There was, though, panic in the visitors' box again when Holt drew Mannone out to the touchline and hooked the ball back across goal, where Carl Jenkinson hacked it clear as Pilkington was set to shoot at an unguarded net.
Despite all of their possession, Arsenal lacked a killer pass in the final third, and Norwich looked dangerous on the counter-attack.
Turner planted a free header wide after a late run into the six-yard box from a corner.
At the other end, Gervinho was picked out by an angled free-kick from Mikel Arteta, but completely missed the ball - much to the delight of the home crowd.
Arsenal pressed Norwich back at the start of the second half, but again looked suspect from balls into their own area as Javier Garrido's floated cross from the left just eluded Holt at the far post.
The Gunners broke quickly on 51 minutes with Jenkinson's cross palmed away by Ruddy - but Giroud could only hook the loose ball wide.
Hoolahan thought he had sprung the offside trap as he darted through to net from Johnson's pass - but despite claims he could not hear the whistle, the Irishman was quickly shown a yellow card by referee Lee Probert.
As the hour mark passed Norwich continued to press with Holt again asking questions of the Gunners' defence.
When Arsenal did break, Gervinho's header lacked any pace after a clever flick-on by Giroud.
Wenger had seen enough and on 65 minutes Podolski was replaced by Oxlade-Chamberlain.
Turner went through the back of Giroud to concede a free-kick some 22 yards out, just right of centre. Cazorla curled his effort around the wall, but it lacked enough pace to test Ruddy.
Oxlade-Chamberlain picked up what looked like a hip problem, and had to be replaced by Andrey Arshavin after less than 10 minutes.
Norwich made a change for the final 12 minutes when winger Elliott Bennett was replaced by Robert Snodgrass, fit again after missing Scotland's World Cup qualifiers because of an ankle problem.
Holt capitalised on a slip by Thomas Vermaelen on the half-way line to rush clear - only to then float a tame chip at the keeper with Hoolahan unmarked to his left.
Arsenal made their final change with eight minutes left when 17-year-old German Serge Gnabry replaced Aaron Ramsey.
