Defoe delight for Spurs 
Jermain Defoe continued his impressive form in front of goal as Tottenham claimed their first home victory of the season against an unfortunate Queens Park Rangers.
The visitors were the better side for long periods of the contest at White Hart Lane and had already been denied by two superb stops from Brad Friedel before Bobby Zamora lifted the ball over the American shortly before half-time after an astute through-ball from Alejandro Faurlin.
But the Argentina midfielder was at fault for Spurs' leveller on the hour mark as he turned his back when Steven Caulker headed Gareth Bale's corner back across goal towards Defoe, with the ball striking his shoulder and deflecting beyond the unfortunate Julio Cesar.
And with QPR still reeling from that setback, they suddenly found themselves behind. Jan Vertonghen burst forward from the back and released Gareth Bale, whose shot was saved onto the crossbar by Cesar, only for Defoe to gobble up the rebound for his sixth goal in eight outings this season for club and country.
Vertonghen, who started at centre-back before switching to left-back in the second period, was then called into action at the other end of the field to produce an outstanding tackle to deny Junior Hoilett as he prepared to pull the trigger in the area.
The home team improved after the break and put in a much better performance with Gareth Bale, who had started at full-back, pushed up to his natural position on the left wing.
Spurs had conceded in the latter stages of all their previous games, but they held firm to leave Villas-Boas punching the air with glee at the final whistle.
The slippery surface made it hard for Spurs to pass the ball around in the early stages, but they fashioned a chance in the third minute when Aaron Lennon found Defoe at the near post but his shot was blocked.
Gylfi Sigurdsson then went down under a pile of QPR players and appealed for a penalty but referee Phil Dowd waved play on.
QPR quickly settled into their rhythm and started pushing for an opener from the off. Friedel, recalled to the starting XI ahead of Hugo Lloris, pulled off a brilliant save to deny Clint Hill after four minutes.
Nine minutes later the American again produced a world-class save from Junior Hoilett from 10 yards after some poor defending from Kyle Walker.
QPR's fourth corner of the game allowed Ryan Nelsen to sneak in front of his marker, but he headed wide.
Spurs failed to test Julio Cesar once during the first half and they started resorting to long shots that failed miserably. The one time they had the ball in the net, Clint Dempsey's effort was ruled out after Defoe was given offside in the build-up.
It only seemed a matter of time before QPR broke the deadlock and the opening goal came just after the half hour when Faurlin carved open the Spurs defence to find Zamora, who slotted the ball past the advancing Friedel.
Friedel was at full stretch moments later to deny Hoilett as Rangers pushed for a second.
Mark Hughes thought his team should have had a penalty after 38 minutes when Zamora went down under a challenge from William Gallas but Dowd waved play on.
After being booed off at half-time Villas-Boas brought on Caulker for Sigurdsson, which allowed Bale to move up to his natural position.
Hoilett somehow bustled Caulker's giant frame off the ball and fired at goal but Gallas put in a crucial block. The 20-year-old proved his worth at the other end by putting in a powerful header from a Bale corner that was cleared off the line.
The game then changed completely with two Spurs goals in 95 seconds. First Caulker's header from the back post flew in off QPR midfielder Faurlin and Defoe then made it 2-0 with a cool finish.
Vertonghen charged at the Rangers defence and laid the ball off to Bale, whose shot came back off  the bar after Cesar's save into the path of the England striker, who calmly slotted the ball home through a sea of QPR defenders.
Tottenham's confidence grew by the minute. Dempsey fired a 20-yard shot just wide of Julio Cesar's goal and Bale's powerful cross somehow missed a tap-in.
Hoilett then wriggled free from his marker on a rare QPR attack but Vertonghen came to the rescue with a heroic sliding tackle to dispossess the former Blackburn man.
The match was turning into a thrilling end to end encounter and QPR threatened through Hoilett and substitute Djibril Cisse.
Spurs still poured forward looking for a third, however, and they almost got it when Dempsey and Defoe had close-range headers blocked.
Defoe raced through with five minutes left but he was forced wide by Park Ji-Sung.
QPR poured forward in injury time looking for an unlikely equaliser but the nearest they came was a curled shot from Faurlin that went a yard wide.
