United given seaside fright
A thrilling 3-2 win at Blackpool allowed the current Manchester United crop to prove that, while they may not be a vintage edition in their club's illustrious history, all the resilience of predecessors exists in abundance.   
First-half goals from former United youngster Craig Cathcart and DJ Campbell seemed set to provide Ian Holloway's hosts with their greatest moment to date, but their still unbeaten visitors came storming back.
United have been an enigma this season. Criticised for a lack of panache earlier in the campaign; praised for potential to emulate the 2003/04 Invincibles of Arsenal; hailed in the wake of humiliating Birmingham at the weekend.
But in a brilliant 16-minute turnaround it was the never-say-die attitude of Sir Alex Ferguson teams which proved a continued trademark as Dimitar Berbatov goals either side of one from Javier Hernandez opened a five-point lead at the top of the Premier League.
It was a cruel night for last season's Championship play-off winners, Blackpool, but Holloway is also likely to point to the positives from an engrossing contest, which was the first in 40 years between the respective clubs in the top-flight.
Charlie Adam was the architect in the first half and his name was sung loudly by Blackpool followers from kick-off as the Scot was named in the line-up, although it remains to be seen if this was his last match before a move to Liverpool.
Ferguson was unable to call on Rio Ferdinand due to the England captain's ongoing injury problems. Paul Scholes did return, but his reputation did not intimidate in an engrossing opening 45 minutes.
Blackpool have refused to abandon attacking principles and, despite United's attempts to target their hosts' makeshift left-back, Alex Baptiste, it was Holloway's men who were setting the tempo.
There were no questions about Adam's commitment to the cause as he scampered around midfield, demonstrating all his range of passing and also accidently drawing blood from the face of Patrice Evra following a collision.
Ferguson was incensed that Adam escaped punishment and he left referee Peter Walton in no doubt as to his opinion, but his words could also have been directed at his players.
Blackpool, who had defeated a visiting Liverpool earlier in January to record a double over the 18-time champions of England, were a gear quicker than their visitors and deservedly took the lead in the 15th minute.
Wayne Rooney conceded a corner when defending, Adam delivered to the back post and Northern Ireland international Cathcart timed his run to perfection to expose a huge lack of communication among United's defence.
For the product of United's Belfast School of Excellence, it was a fitting reminder of his ability just less than six months since agreeing an estimated 350,000 move to Blackpool.
Nemanja Vidic, one of the players whose arrival forced Cathcart out of United, had a nervous moment when he headed a Luke Varney cross into the arms of Van der Sar, before Elliot Grandin scooped an effort over the bar from 15 yards.
United's only real moment of promise in the opening half came five minutes before half-time when Rafael da Silva out-jumped Ian Evatt, but the Brazilian right-back's header was comfortably claimed by Richard Kingson.
Blackpool were soon back on the front foot as the excellent David Vaughan forced a full-length, low save from Van der Sar's left hand, which led to another corner and another goal.
Adam's set-piece was inadvertently flicked on by Nani at the near post and Campbell made no mistake.
To illustrate United's frustration, Scholes was booked in first-half injury time for pulling back and tripping Vaughan as the Blackpool player set off on another raid towards goal.
Thoughts among United fans at the interval would have turned to famous comebacks in their history and Ferguson was clearly of the same mindset as Ryan Giggs, a veteran of so many fightbacks, replaced Darron Gibson.
However, Blackpool began the second half as they ended the first and Holloway was certain his side were denied a penalty when Rafael bundled into Varney at the byline. Replays suggested United were lucky.
Momentum, though, soon shifted. United, with Giggs pulling the strings, piled forward as the decision to withdraw a clearly frustrated Rooney in the 66th minute in order to bring on Hernandez proved a turning point.
Hernandez broke the offside trap and forced a good save from Kingson, but in the 72nd minute Blackpool's goalkeeper was unable to prevent Berbatov from giving United the incentive they needed with a tap-in from Darren Fletcher's cross.
The goal knocked the stuffing out of a tiring Blackpool, who looked as though they were now running on the sand of their famous pleasure beach, and just 120 seconds later Hernandez collected Giggs' perfect long pass to equalise.
Holloway's men were operating on empty and in the 88th minute Berbatov, fresh from a hat-trick against Birmingham, continued his fine run of form with the winner as he coolly fired into the back of the net following Scholes' radar-like cross-field pass.
Referee Walton added 10 minutes of injury time before the final whistle after Rafael was stretched off and immediately taken to hospital with suspected concussion following a clash of heads with Blackpool substitute Marlon Harewood.
