Elmander brace stuns Hammers
Bolton produced a blistering second-half display which saw the Trotters extend their winning run against West Ham to seven matches thanks to a Johan Elmander double.
Avram Grant's side dominated the opening 45 minutes and should have taken the lead but Carlton Cole scuffed his penalty straight down the throat of Jussi Jaaskelainen.
Pablo Barrera, Frederic Piquionne and Kieron Dyer all had first-half chances, but the hosts could not engineer a breakthrough.
Wanderers made West Ham pay four minutes after the restart when Matthew Upson's own goal gifted the visitors the lead, with Kevin Davies claiming a touch.
Elmander soon doubled the lead just after the hour mark as Lee Chung-Yong's right-wing cross was headed home by the towering Swede.
The Hammers struck back, ironically through the penalty spot. Paul Robinson's pull on Scott Parker was punished by Mark Noble's well-taken spot-kick.
However, the fightback was not to last as Davies' flick deflected into the path of Elmander and the striker, who last scored twice in a match in November 2008, made no mistake to make the game safe.
Bolton are unbeaten following their opening day draw at Fulham - but West Ham head into daunting games against Manchester United and Chelsea without a point on the board.
Dyer, Barrera and Piquionne came into the team and they brought variety and pace to the West Ham attack that was so sorely missing at Aston Villa last weekend.
After an early scare, when Elmander shot wide, West Ham laid siege to the Bolton box.
Parker, Noble and Barrera all fired in shots from distance before Dyer latched on to a clever reverse pass from Piquionne to reach the byline.
Dyer pulled the ball back for Noble - but Stuart Holden had retreated expertly and he intercepted the pass just two yards out from the Bolton goal.
West Ham continued to pile forward. Barrera rifled another shot over the bar before Julien Faubert's volley from the edge of the box flew straight to Jaaskelainen.
The Hammers attacked with pace and purpose but when Zat Knight failed to deal with Herita Ilunga's low cross, Dyer curled his shot wide.
Gretar Steinsson was booked after hauling Dyer down on the halfway line as West Ham looked to counter-attack and two minutes later the Bolton full-back conceded a penalty.
Steinsson felled Cole on the edge of the box - but the West Ham striker's side-footed effort was weak and Jaaskelainen saved comfortably to his right.
But Bolton barely had time to catch their breath as West Ham attacked with tempo. Cole sought to make amends immediately but his drilled cross-shot was palmed clear by Jaaskelainen.
Referee Andre Mariner then waved away appeals for a penalty after Cole's clipped cross struck Knight on the hand.
Parker picked out Dyer in the box with a perfectly-weighted pass but Jaaskelainen tipped his shot onto the post.
West Ham had fired in 11 shots without success in the first half - and it took route-one Bolton less than four minutes to make them pay.
Elmander flicked on Jaaskelainen's goal-kick and Upson, under pressure from Davies, stooped to head the ball past Robert Green and into his own net.
To make matters worse for the England defender, he took a boot in the face and was replaced with a bloody nose by Winston Reid.
The New Zealander had an immediate chance to draw West Ham level when Noble's free-kick fell to him in the Bolton box but his downward volley went straight to Jaaskelainen.
Bolton then had two penalty shouts turned down in the same move. Lee Chung-yong went down in a challenge from Ilunga after cutting in to the box before Parker was struck on the hand - but Bolton soon had their second.
Lee was given all the time he needed to swing the cross in from the right and Elmander planted his near-post header past Green.
West Ham were given a lifeline when Parker was fouled by Robinson as he tried to latch on to a lofted ball into the box and referee Mariner awarded a second penalty.
Noble took over the responsibility from Cole and he buried his strike to bring West Ham back into the game - but not for long.
