Parker inspires happy Hammers
A typically heroic display from Scott Parker gave West Ham hope of escaping Premier League relegation after a deserved 3-1 victory over Liverpool.
The England midfielder opened the scoring in the first half at Upton Park and also produced a non-stop performance to inspire his team to the three points which mean it is only goal difference keeping Avram Grant's side in the drop zone.
Demba Ba added West Ham's second goal before half-time and substitute Carlton Cole netted a third in injury time before the final whistle, after Glen Johnson had offered Liverpool some hope.
Kenny Dalglish's team were poor as they lost their first match since mid-January and their Sunday afternoon was made worse by injuries to Martin Kelly and Raul Meireles.
The defeat left Liverpool eight points behind fourth-placed Tottenham having played a game more, while Grant was able to celebrate a result that moved the Hammers level on points with fourth-from-bottom Wolves.
West Ham certainly did not lack for confidence in the opening moments, the excellent Thomas Hitzlsperger - making his Premier League debut for the club - unleashing an outrageous 40-yard volley that flew into the arms of Jose Reina.
A minute later, Meireles looped a header wide from the fit-again Steven Gerrard's pinpoint 50-yard ball before Martin Skrtel was booked for tripping Frederic Piquionne in full flight.
Meireles also fired straight at Robert Green, Gary O'Neil's shot hit a Liverpool defender and Johnson saw a header from a corner blocked before the game settled down.
A Hitzlsperger rocket was again too close to Reina before Parker showed the kind of precision his team-mate had been lacking to give West Ham a 22nd minute lead.
He and Hitzlsperger played a neat one-two on the edge of the box and Parker floated a delightful finish right into the far corner with the outside of his foot.
Dirk Kuyt hit the side netting from 20 yards following a lightning Liverpool break when team-mates were arguably better placed.
The recalled Piquionne then sent a wicked ball across the six-yard box, which just evaded Ba.
Liverpool struggled to respond, Luis Suarez repeatedly coming off second best in his personal battle with the impressive James Tomkins.
Right-back Kelly's low drive was too close to Green as the interval approached, while Mark Noble, who dovetailed brilliantly with Parker and Hitzlsperger in a midfield trio, curled a free-kick wide at the other end.
Liverpool suffered another blow when Kelly pulled a hamstring and was replaced by Joe Cole, Dalglish switching his formation from 5-3-2 to 4-4-2 shortly before half-time.
That was not the end of their woes, with the unmarked Ba powering home a header on the stroke of half-time from O'Neil's cross.
Liverpool began the second half on top, but nevertheless made a quick change when David Ngog came on for Meireles, who reportedly had a knee problem which was sustained in a challenge with Parker in the first half.
With Wolves having won 4-0 on Saturday, West Ham needed another goal to climb out of the drop zone and Ba almost provided it when he drilled inches wide from 25 yards.
Tomkins, Piquionne and Ba were all close to connecting with a corner as the home side hit back.
But they had Green to thank for preserving their two-goal lead when Suarez finally beat Tomkins with a quick turn and unleashed a rising drive which the goalkeeper tipped behind.
Piquionne missed a glorious chance to kill the game when he glanced Noble's corner wide midway through the half, but West Ham's commitment was summed up when Parker threw himself in front of a goalbound Gerrard shot.
Gerrard was making his presence felt and Green tipped a dipping volley over the bar from the England star.
Reina had to be equally alert to beat Ba to the ball from a Hammers break, but he almost produced an absolute howler when he spilt Piquionne's shot goalwards before recovering.
Grant withdrew Piquionne for Jonathan Spector after Joe Cole had mishit a volley for the visitors.
The Reds' pressure paid off six minutes from time when Suarez crossed for Johnson to tap into an unguarded net.
West Ham ran down the clock by bringing on Carlton Cole for Ba - although time-wasting was the last thing on the substitute's mind as he left Skrtel in a heap and drilled home at Reina's near post in stoppage-time.
