Arsenal held by 10-man Latics
Wigan held Arsenal to a 2-2 draw in the Premier League despite falling behind and going down to 10 men at the DW Stadium.
The Gunners came into the game on a high following their fantastic display against Chelsea but Ben Watson dispatched a penalty in the 18th minute after Charles N'Zogbia went down on the edge of the area following a challenge from Laurent Koscielny.
Arsene Wenger's men fought back though as Andrey Arshavin rifled in a fine volley before Nicklas Bendtner slotted home before half-time.
After the break the Latics suffered a further setback as N'Zogbia was given his marching orders by referee Lee Probert following a petulant and reckless head-butt on Jack Wilshere.
But they nicked a point as Sebastien Squillaci headed into his own net from a corner to end the game in a stalemate.
Wenger made eight changes to the team that beat Chelsea on Boxing Day and perhaps they heartened Wigan because they started off in spirited fashion and had the Gunners rocking on their heels.
Much of Arsenal's early struggles were self-inflicted. Squillaci gave up a contest with Hugo Rodallega claiming he had been fouled and fellow centre-back Laurent Koscielny had to rescue him with a perfectly-timed challenge in the box.
Then Bendtner's appallingly loose pass was seized upon by N'Zogbia, who rattled in a low shot which was comfortable for Lukasz Fabianksi.
Tomas Rosicky, Arsenal's captain on the night, finally managed to bring some composure to the visitors and his vision set Arshavin free only for the Russian to fire over the bar.
Bendtner earned a free-kick on the edge of the Wigan box and took it himself, only to see it deflected off the wall and past the post with Ali Al Habsi flatfooted.
In the 17th minute Wigan broke swiftly and N'Zogbia burst down the right before tumbled over Koscielny's trailing leg just on the edge of the box.
A penalty looked the right decision and Watson hammered it home to give the home side a deserved lead.
Arsenal were a whisker away from an equaliser when Rosicky's shot was parried by Al Habsi and Koscielny looked favourite to slot home, only for Gary Caldwell to dive in bravely to thwart the Frenchman.
Before the half-hour was out, Wenger was forced to make a change with Jack Wilshere coming on for Abou Diaby, who had picked up an injury, and his arrival seemed to settle Arsenal down.
Arshavin had been at his frustrating worst for most of the half but it was down to his brilliant volley that Arsenal equalised six minutes before the break.
Marouane Chamakh had lobbed the ball on for Bendtner to hit a shot on the bounce and when Al Habsi managed to keep it out, it dropped for Arshavin to strike a lovely scissor-kick back past the Wigan goalkeeper.
The goal seemed to breathe life into Arsenal and particularly Arshavin, who created a goal for Bendtner in the 43rd minute.
Arshavin tussled for and won possession in the centre circle, then bustled forward and found Bendtner, who used his strength to brush off a couple of weak challenges and then make no mistake from 12 yards out.
Wilshere's anchoring abilities made Arsenal appear more resilient generally and Antolin Alcaraz breathed a sigh of relief after heading just wide of his own net.
From the resulting corner an unmarked Chamakh sent his header into almost exactly the same spot when he should really have hit the target.
Although Arsenal's grip on the game had tightened, Wigan still looked capable of causing problems and Tom Cleverley was not a million miles away from finding the top corner after the usually-dependable Bacary Sagna had slipped.
The Gunners' passing game had been slowly reasserting itself and it clicked into gear perfectly in the 70th minute with a mouthwatering move that simply begged to be finished off, but Al Habsi stood tall to deny Arshavin.
N'Zogbia had looked Wigan's most potent threat all night and with 15 minutes left Arsenal were grateful to Fabianski for a one-on-one save.
Having played so well, N'Zogbia then got himself sent off for pushing his head into Wilshere's face after an exchange of words, leaving referee Probert little option but to show red.
Far from being disheartened, the dismissal fired up the home side and with 10 minutes left they equalised.
Rodallega headed back a corner at the far post and Squillaci, trying to thwart Caldwell, could only head into his own net.
Wenger had to go for broke and did, bringing on Theo Walcott and Samir Nasri.
