Smith strike sinks Everton
Queens Park Rangers bounced back from a heavy defeat on the first day of the season to stun Everton 1-0 at Goodison Park thanks to Tommy Smith's first-half goal.
Everton, whose game at Tottenham last weekend was postponed in the wake of the London riots, carved out a number of chances in a lively opening 45 minutes as Leighton Baines rattled the woodwork with a free-kick, Tim Cahill missed from close range and Leon Osman had a penalty appeal turned down.
But it was QPR who had a slender advantage at the interval as Smith curled a low shot past Tim Howard from inside the area on 31 minutes after being played in by Akos Buzsaky.
The Toffees tried to get back into the game during the second period but, apart from a lively debut performance from 17-year-old Ross Barkley, did not carry as much of an attacking threat.
QPR produced an improved defensive display from their 4-0 loss at home to Bolton and held on for a hard-earned three points.
Smith had given an early warning of the danger he posed with a low snap-shot half-volley which flew narrowly wide of Howard's right-hand post.
Everton took control after that with Osman having an appeal for a penalty turned down after a challenge from Matthew Connolly.
But it was the performance of the debutant Barkley which was drawing all the attention.
Midway through the first half a driving diagonal run from left to right saw him twice feign to shoot before he was brought down by Fitz Hall.
Baines' free-kick cleared the wall and had goalkeeper Paddy Kenny rooted to the spot but cannoned back off the woodwork.
Barkley's confidence continued to grow as he sprayed crossfield passes around seemingly at his leisure, also curling a low 25-yard shot just wide.
However, Everton's early dominance began to wane and from QPR's first real spell of pressure they took the lead.
Phil Jagielka, a target for Arsenal, carelessly gave the ball away to Alejandro Faurlin and it was quickly transferred to Buzsaky in the inside-left channel whose low cross perfectly picked out Smith.
The winger's first touch took the ball out of his feet and with marker Jagielka out of position he coolly slotted his shot past Howard's outstretched left hand and into the far corner of the net.
After that it was all Everton up until the break with the previously quiet Cahill suddenly finding himself at the centre of everything.
Having been tripped by Hall, the Australia international appeared to be pushed as he challenged for Baines' free-kick but when the ball was crossed back in by Jermaine Beckford, Cahill missed from close range at the far post.
Cahill and Beckford could both have equalised with headers just before the break while Jack Rodwell tamely chipped into Kenny's arms a couple of minutes into the second half.
It prompted the introduction of Mikel Arteta and then Marouane Fellaini, whose replacement of Beckford did not meet with wholehearted support from the Goodison Park crowd.
However, it almost paid instant rewards as Fellaini teed up Cahill, now playing as a striker, for a narrow-angle shot from the right which Kenny turned behind.
Barkley continued to look one of Everton's better players and fired a low drive wide before his deflected shot after cutting in from the right was well held by Kenny as QPR held on quite comfortably.
A return to full fitness of their major stars will improve things for Everton, but any hopes David Moyes had of getting off to a good start for once were ended by the Londoners.
The Toffees boss admitted on Friday finishing in the top 10 would be a tough task this season. On the basis of one match, he may be right.
