Vela rescues Baggies
The first Black Country derby in the Premier League ended in a dramatic 1-1 stalemate after Carlos Vela rescued West Bromwich Albion a last-gasp point against Wolverhampton Wanderers at The Hawthorns.
Wolves shaded the early-goings between these bitter West Midlands rivals and Jamie O'Hara had given the visitors a deserved lead on 39 minutes from a wonderful strike after the on-loan midfielder had been cleverly picked out by a Nenad Milijas free-kick.
But the Tottenham schemer was denied the match-winner as another North London export, Arsenal striker Vela came off the bench to net a 93rd minute equaliser after the otherwise inspired Wayne Hennessey fumbled substitute James Morrison's long-range shot.
Surprisingly referee Mike Dean did not need to brandish a card in a derby considered to be the fiercest in the land in a draw which keeps Wolves bottom of the table on goal-difference, while the Baggies move a point clear of the relegation zone.
Wolves entered Sunday's fixture with a woeful recent record against their great enemy but had been the dominant force in the opening 45 minutes as they made the most of their numerical advantage in midfield.
O'Hara looked sharp and on his current form Wolves boss Mick McCarthy looks certain to take up the option to make the move from White Hart Lane permanent in the summer.
Matt Jarvis, making his 100th start in Wanderers colours, also caused problems down the left flank while Kevin Doyle was his usual threat as the lone striker.
It was a different story after the break however, as Wolves sunk into their shell and West Brom started to exert themselves, with Paul Scharner driving on in midfield.
Wolves thought they had done enough and were sixty seconds away from potential salvation until Vela capitalised to leave Hennessey et al ruing two points dropped.
There was an eruption of noise inside The Hawthorns at kick-off as West Brom's fans welcomed the first top-flight Black Country derby in 27 years, but O'Hara was not unnerved as he made a determined run at the Baggies defence inside the first 30 seconds before his eventual shot was blocked by Jonas Olsson.
A ball over the top of the Wolves back four from Gabriel Tamas almost played in top scorer Peter Odemwingie. But Hennessey was alert to the danger and was able to clear from the edge of his area.
Jarvis was a pest down the left flank for Gonzalo Jara and another probing centre was headed over by O'Hara.
Hennessey was called upon to make the first save of the game after 21 minutes but he easily dealt with Olsson's header from Chris Brunt's corner.
Wolves had edged the early-goings but West Brom started to gain a foothold in the game and Scharner's glancing header from a Nicky Shorey cross went just past the post.
Marc-Antoine Fortune should have done better when he headed a curling shot from Graham Dorrans over the bar from close range, only to find he was actually offside.
West Brom's supporters felt they were in the game, but the Hawthorns faithful went silent five minutes before half-time as a stunning strike from O'Hara put Wolves ahead.
Doyle won a free-kick when he was brought down by Tamas 25 yards from goal. Albion were caught napping when Milijas squared the free-kick to O'Hara and his curling shot flew past the dive of Myhill into the roof of the net for the on-loan Tottenham player's first goal for Wolves.
The visitors also had the chance to double their lead with a 4-2 numerical advantage on the counter-attack but Doyle hesitated when O'Hara was free to his left and was crowded out.
The second-period began minus the electrifying atmosphere of its predecessor and that suited the visiting team, who began the half in promising fashion and should have doubled their advantage after 51 minutes.
Tamas made a mess of trying to head the ball back to Myhill and Jarvis nipped in with only the keeper to beat. But, from 10 yards, out he dragged the shot wide of the far post.
Jarvis had wasted a golden opportunity to double Wolves' lead and in what was up until that point a rare Albion attack, Henry lost possession to Odemwingie who released the overlapping Fortune but his shot from a narrow angle was turned aside by Hennessey.
George Elokobi then made a great block to deny Odemwingie at close range and Scharner shot over from 12 yards out as West Brom put Wolves under the cosh.
Wolves were dropping deeper and Fortune should have equalised after 63 minutes.
Odemwingie headed the ball across the box his strike partner but, from six yards out, he failed to make any contact on his attempted shot.
Jarvis atoned somewhat for his earlier miss when he headed a near post Olsson header off the line from Brunt's corner before Albion striker Vela was soon introduced into the action and Hennessey beat out his shot after he cut in from left.
Tamas was relieved when he turned Doyle's low centre inches wide of his own post at full stretch with substitute Sylvan Ebanks-Blake unmarked behind him.
Wolves fans grew in voice as four minutes of added time was announced by the fourth official and the Wanderers player showed the belief of a team that was going to hold out for maximum points.
Then, with seconds remaining, Vela equalised for Albion after Hennessey spilled Morrison's low drive to lift the Hawthorns into raptures in what was virtually the last kick of the game.
