Blues bailed out late on
For the second week in a row Chelsea left it late before picking up a win on home soil, with Norwich unfortunate to be on the wrong end of a 3-1 scoreline.
Jose Bosingwa handed the Blues an early lead at Stamford Bridge, but Grant Holt levelled for the visitors and they looked like snatching a share of the spoils.
There was, however, to be a late twist in the tale as Frank Lampard converted from the spot, after John Ruddy had been sent off, and Juan Mata marked his debut with a third in stoppage-time.
Chelsea burst out of the blocks and their attacking intent was rewarded after just six minutes as Bosingwa fired in a 25-yard thunderbolt.
They were, however, unable to build on that advantage and the Canaries grew in confidence as the game wore on.
Holt and Chris Martin could, and perhaps should, have had them level at the interval, but they were unable to convert the opportunities that fell their way.
Paul Lambert's men were able to restore parity just after the hour mark as Branislav Ivanovic and Hilario got in a tangle and Holt was able to hook the loose ball into an empty net.
The game then swung in favour of the Blues with 10 minutes remaining, as Ruddy felled Ramires inside the box and was subsequently dismissed.
Lampard kept his composure to hammer home from the spot, before Mata marked his Blues bow with a well-taken finish deep into injury-time - with 12 minutes added on following a nasty injury to Didier Drogba.
Chelsea boss Andre Villas-Boas and captain John Terry used their programme notes to urge the home fans to get fully behind their team after some booed them off at half-time against West Brom last week.
But supporters could be forgiven for wanting to see a performance to give them hope Chelsea have what it takes to topple Manchester United as champions this season, something called into question by their opening two displays.
Villas-Boas responded by pairing Fernando Torres and Drogba together in what was a 4-4-2 for the first time this season.
Possibly expecting a 4-3-3, Norwich began the game with a five-man defence and they duly fell behind inside six minutes.
After allowing Ramires to test Ruddy from 25 yards, they made the same mistake with Bosingwa, who brilliantly found the back of the net via the inside of the post.
Norwich began to settle and should have levelled in the 17th minute when Holt beat the offside trap but was unable to get a touch on Wes Hoolahan's brilliant ball over the top.
Chelsea's passing was becoming ragged, although Torres was close to teeing up Drogba as the pair began to demonstrate an understanding that had been lacking in previous outings.
Chris Martin wasted another great chance to equalise, Hoolahan playing him clean through only for Hilario to save before crowding out the forward's rebound attempt and tipping over Kyle Naughton's 25-yarder.
He also smothered Holt's header before City boss Paul Lambert withdrew Zak Whitbread for Anthony Pilkington on the half-hour mark and went 4-4-2.
Drogba went close with a free-kick but it was another forgettable first half for Chelsea, who might have doubled their lead within eight minutes of the restart had Pilkington not nodded John Terry's header off the line or the recalled Ivanovic powered Lampard's corner wide.
Hoolahan was withdrawn for Steve Morison on the hour mark and the change took less than three minutes to pay off thanks to a moment of madness from Hilario, who needlessly came racing off his line to claim a cross and collided with Ivanovic, allowing Holt to hook the ball into the empty net.
It got worse for Chelsea as they tried to regain the lead, Drogba appearing to be knocked unconscious after an aerial challenge with Ruddy.
The striker landed in sickening fashion and medics raced onto the field to treat the stricken 33-year-old, with the game stopped for seven minutes while he was loaded onto a stretcher and carried off wearing what appeared to be a breathing aid.
Villas-Boas also withdrew the recalled Florent Malouda and brought on Nicolas Anelka and Mata for his debut.
Norwich showed no sympathy and Morison was put clean through, Terry thwarting him with a desperate tackle.
Holt also mistimed a free header from the resulting corner before Mata and Torres combined for the first time, the latter nodding his fellow Spaniard's cross too close to Ruddy.
It looked anyone's game but all that changed with 10 minutes remaining when a brilliant Chelsea breakaway brought a penalty and a red card for Ruddy.
Anelka sent Ramires racing clear and he was brought down by the onrushing goalkeeper.
Lambert appeared to be furious with the Chelsea bench following the dismissal and Lampard blasted the penalty straight down the middle past newcomer Declan Rudd.
Romelu Lukaku came on for his debut for Torres, sending a diving header wide and missing an Anelka cross after Norwich almost levelled again when Morison hooked over.
Ivanovic somehow failed to kill the contest when he headed wide from six yards and Lampard also missed on the rebound after Lukaku's shot was saved in the 12 minutes of stoppage-time that followed.
          </tr>
