Zamora torments Black Cats
Bobby Zamora did not get on the scoresheet, but produced a brilliant performance to help Fulham to a 3-0 victory over an injury-hit Sunderland at the Stadium of Light.
On-loan Chelsea striker Gael Kakuta's first goal in English football and two from Simon Davies gave Mark Hughes' visitors just a second away win in the Premier League this season.
But Zamora played a role in the build-up to all three and proved a constant menace to Steve Bruce's hosts, ensuring Fulham moved up to 45 points and maintained the target of a top-half finish.
It was a wretched afternoon for Sunderland, who were without the likes of Asamoah Gyan, Danny Welbeck and Fraizer Campbell due to injury, and their desperation was epitomised by the sight of Nedum Onuoha as a makeshift striker in the second half.
Sunderland dominated possession from the off and full-back Ahmed Elmohamady had the first decent chance in the 14th minute with a header glanced just wide from Phil Bardsley's cross.
The Fulham team featured three changes from Wednesday's 3-0 win over Bolton, the most notable of which was a debut for Philippe Senderos 11 months after he joined the club from Arsenal following his recovery from an Achilles injury.
Kakuta and Zamora also came into the side, with Brede Hangeland and Clint Dempsey left out altogether while Moussa Dembele dropped to the bench.
Eidur Gudjohnsen shot over in a rare chance for the visitors before Sunderland's wastefulness continued as Steed Malbranque charged down an attempted Senderos clearance only to clip a shot well side.
And the hosts were made to pay in the 33rd minute when Kakuta took advantage of some poor defending. The 19-year-old was picked out by Zamora all alone in the middle of the area and he poked the ball through the legs of Simon Mignolet.
Sunderland should have responded immediately but Lee Cattermole's finish from 10 yards out was weak and easily saved by Schwarzer after a superb ball from part-time frontman Stephane Sessegnon, while Sulley Muntari saw an effort deflected just over the bar.
Sessegnon had a chance to run at the Fulham defence five minutes into the second half and he engineered a shooting chance but his effort lacked power and Schwarzer safely held on.
Fulham were inches away from grabbing a second moments later as a sliding Zamora just failed to turn Gudjohnsen's cross-shot into an empty net.
The Cottagers did double their advantage in the 61st minute with a goal from Davies that was absolutely clinical. Steve Sidwell chased Zamora's ball to the byline and cut it back for Davies to guide his shot into the far corner.
Both managers turned to their substitutes, with Jonathan Greening replacing Kakuta while Bruce took off Muntari and sent on centre-back Anton Ferdinand, with Onuoha moving up front to offer some height and power.
It was game over in the 73rd minute as Davies grabbed his second of the afternoon.
Mignolet and Ferdinand got in each other's way as they attempted to clear Zamora's cross and Davies turned the loose ball home despite the best efforts of Elmohamady.
That was the cue for large sections of the Sunderland fans to head for the exits and there was no doubt which team was in the ascendancy now.
