<title>Premier League: Chelsea defeat Wigan with Frank Lampard closing on record</title>
<content>
Chelsea returned to winning ways with a 4-1 victory over Wigan Athletic at Stamford Bridge, but the scoreline was somewhat flattering.
Rafa Benitez's side won their first game in three outings but this was anything but an impressive display and Wigan will feel they could have taken something from their trip to west London.
The opener was a brilliant move as David Luiz and Fernando Torres teed up Ramires for his sixth goal of the season.
Eden Hazard added a second just before the hour but moments later Shaun Maloney sprung Chelsea's offside trap before rounding Petr Cech and finishing.
Chelsea put the game to bed with two goals in the final few minutes, Frank Lampard coolly slotting home from the edge of the box before German substitute Marko Marin headed his first goal for the club.
Cech was tested twice early on, Franco Di Santo forcing him to save with his feet before Maloney stretched the Czech international with a curling effort.
After fluffing a decent chance, Torres turned provider for the opening goal when he played a first-time pass to Ramires, who lifted the ball over Ali Al-Habsi.
Wigan's attempt to reply before half-time was aided when an Oscar pass hit referee Mike Dean and rolled into Maloney's path, but his cross was cleared by Cesar Azpilicueta with James McArthur lurking.
Chelsea doubled their advantage on 56 minutes when Cesar Azpilicueta played a low cross inside to Hazard and the Belgian struck a first-time shot into the net.
Wigan's response was almost immediate, Maloney producing a sweet finish after beating the offside trap, rounding Cech and netting from an acute angle.
Wigan had claims for a penalty turned down when Ronnie Stam's shot appeared to hit Ashley Cole's arm, but their hopes of snatching a point were dashed by Lampard on 86 minutes.
Hazard took the ball down the left and passed across the area, where Juan Mata's dummy allowed Lampard to pick his spot with a drilled shot into the bottom corner.
A fourth came when Al Habsi could only parry a swerving shot from Azpilicueta and substitute Marin headed in the rebound.
</content>