<title>City find perfect response</title>
<content>
A 5-0 demolition of a freefalling Sunderland at Eastlands allowed Manchester City to respond in the perfect fashion to ongoing speculation about the security of manager Roberto Mancini's job.
Earlier in the week, the Italian had again been forced to answer questions about the possibility of the sack if fourth place in the Premier League and the resulting UEFA Champions League football are not secured.
But Adam Johnson's well-worked goal after nine minutes and a Carlos Tevez penalty, following a clumsy foul on the Argentine by Phil Bardsley, six minutes later set the comfortable tone at an early stage for City and Mancini.
A 10-minute goal burst from David Silva and Patrick Vieira, just seconds after entering the match as a substitute, added to the tally and Yaya Toure then underlined City's dominance over Steve Bruce's short-on-confidence Sunderland in the second half.
The three points moved City above Chelsea in third place, while it was another day to forget for Sunderland, who are willing on the end of the season having now taken just one point from the last 21 available to sit only six clear of the relegation zone.
With Tevez fit again having missed City's 2-0 defeat at Chelsea a fortnight ago with a groin problem, Mancini opted to pair the Argentina forward with Mario Balotelli and drop Edin Dzeko to the bench.
Additionally boosted by the start of Johnson, it was a positive-looking team selection which quickly paid dividends, the hosts making a lively start to the game before taking the lead nine minutes in.
Playing a one-two with Toure down the right, Sunderland-born Johnson received the return pass in the box, controlled the ball and then lashed it past visiting goalkeeper Simon Mignolet.
Six minutes later, Tevez latched on to a lofted ball from Silva and burst into the area, where he was brought down by Bardsley.
Referee Howard Webb booked Bardsley and awarded a penalty which Tevez took himself.
Mignolet dived the right way and appeared to get a hand to the effort, but it squeezed in off the upright and City were cruising.
They were on the offensive again soon after, Bardsley getting in a block to divert Tevez's strike behind for a corner.
A Michael Turner handball earned City a free-kick, which Aleksandar Kolarov could only send wide of the post.
Balotelli then tried his luck after being teed up by Tevez, but Mignolet saved the attempt.
Sunderland were showing little sign of getting themselves back into the match, but had a rare shot at goal in the 37th minute when Asamoah Gyan sent in an effort from outside the box which dropped narrowly wide.
Bruce replaced Bardsley with Ahmed Elmohamady at half-time, but City were soon threatening again after the restart.
Silva played a deft chip into the box and Johnson was there to shoot against Mignolet, although he was incorrectly adjudged to be offside.
Balotelli then drove into the area and brought a save out of Mignolet, before City's third goal arrived.
Tevez ran on to a long ball from Nigel de Jong and squared for Balotelli, whose shot ricocheted off Turner, allowing Silva to tuck home from close range.
Johnson was then taken off for Vieira, which swiftly looked like a stroke of genius on Mancini's part.
A minute after his introduction, the Frenchman was on the scoresheet, getting on the end of a Kolarov cross which deflected off Joleon Lescott.
Mignolet clawed Vieira's effort away but the goal was given and replays showed the ball had indeed crossed the line.
Having conceded twice in four minutes, Sunderland looked utterly deflated and after Balotelli had stung Mignolet's palms, it came as little surprise when City scored their fifth.
Lee Cattermole lost his bearings and gave the ball straight to Toure, who gleefully dispatched it over Mignolet and in.
Shaun Wright-Phillips came on for Silva and provided a cross for Tevez, who put the ball the wrong side of the post.
Elmohamady summed up Sunderland's afternoon when he rose unmarked in the box, but sent his header off target, and Balotelli almost made it 6-0 in stoppage time with a free-kick that Mignolet tipped over.
</tr>
</tr>
</tr>
</tr>
</tr>
</tr>
</tr>
</tr>
</content>