<title>Premier League: Tottenham beat Chelsea 5-3 at White Hart Lane</title>
<content>
Harry Kane inspired Tottenham to their first win over Chelsea for almost five years in a thrilling 5-3 victory over their London rivals at White Hart Lane.
A first-half Spurs blitz stunned Chelsea as goals from Kane on the half-hour mark, Danny Rose a minute from the break and Andros Townsend deep into first-half stoppage time erased Diego Costas 18th-minute opener for the league leaders.
Kane looked have put the game beyond Chelseas reach with a great finish seven minutes into the second half but Eden Hazards opportunistic response three minutes later set up a tense atmosphere at White Hart Lane.
The bright Nacer Chadli then all-but secured the points for Spurs with a fifth 12 minutes from time before John Terrys goal three minutes from time reduced the deficit but failed to spark a late comeback as the hosts held on.
Spurs move up to fifth as Mauricio Pochettinos men extended their unbeaten run to six games in the league, following their last defeat to Jose Mourinhos men at the start of December.
The result sees Chelsea miss the opportunity to retain a clear lead at the top of the table. Chelsea and Manchester City are deadlocked on 46 points and are also level on goal difference and goals scored. Chelsea lead the league on alphabetical order.
Both sides entered the New Years Day fixture on the back of draws in their finals game of 2014. And both managers made three changes ahead of the game which saw both sides make an even start to proceedings.
Chadli had an early sighter with a speculative 25-yard strike which was comfortably saved by Thibaut Courtois.
Cesc Fabregas and Costa tried initiate a connection in the opening exchanges with a long-range pass up field before Ryan Masons over-exuberance to latch on to Townsends through ball saw him limp off with a hamstring injury.
But despite the even start to the game it was the visitors who broke the deadlock. Chelsea launched a counter through Hazard and after the Belgian had seen his effort strike the post, land at Oscars feet and make its way back across goal, Costa pounced from inside the six-yard box to tap home.
What followed was an onslaught from the away side as Hazard and Costa terrorised the Spurs defence in a 10-minute spell which the game ultimately pivoted on.
But instead of Chelsea doubling their lead it was Spurs who drew level against the run of play. Kane collected the ball in midfield and meandered towards the Chelsea area. After fending off a feeble challenge from Oscar, the England U21 international shot low to Courtois right from 25 yards to restore parity.
However it was to be the closing stages of the first half which were to catch Chelsea really off-guard as Spurs took the lead and then doubled their advantage within five minutes.
First Christian Eriksen benefitted from Kanes dummy to play Chadli in the behind the Chelsea defence. The Belgian saw his shot strike the post but roll into the path of left-back Danny Rose who guided the ball into the bottom corner before being up-ended by Gary Cahill.
The England centre-backs rash challenging was to be punished minutes later as the game approached the break. Kane, again, proved to be the catalyst, beating Cahill to the ball inside the box before falling victim to another of his strong challenges.
Townsend made no mistake with the spot-kick, rifling into the bottom left-hand corner.
And Spurs survived a spirited Chelsea response in the start of the second period to further extend their lead with another well-taken individual goal from Kane.
This time the striker swivelled on Chadli pass from the left flank before curling low drive past Courtois.
Hazard pulled one back for Chelsea within three minutes of Kanes strike  capitalising on Federico Fazios casualness in possession, playing a one-two with Fabregas before taking a touch to control with his right and then firing home with his left.
Moments later the Belgian broke free of the Spurs defence and was seemingly through on goal. A coming together involving himself and Fazio saw the forward hit the deck and prompted Mourinho to call for the dismissal of the Argentina defender.
But Phil Dowd adjudged the centre-back to have a got a touch of the ball, a point which television replays, and Hazard's sporting reaction to the challenge, confirmed.
Hopes of a comeback failed to materialise as Chadlis deflected effort off Terry saw Spurs become the only side to score five goals against a Chelsea side managed by Mourinho in the Premier League.
Terry steered Branislav Ivanovic's shot into an empty net three minutes from time, but that acted as mere consolation for the Blues who could have set up a grandstand finish had Ramires converted a great chance in the 90th minute.
But Tottenham held on for their first victory over Chelsea since April 2010 as they Blues saw their gap at the top evaporate.
 Player Ratings 
 Tottenham:  Lloris (6), Walker (5), Fazio (5), Vertonghen (6), Rose (6), Bentaleb (5), Mason (5), Townsend (6), Eriksen (5), Chadli (7), Kane (9).
 Used subs:  Paulinho (4), Dembele (5), Davies (4).
 Chelsea:  Courtois (5), Ivanovic (5), Cahill (5), Terry (6), Azpilicuaeta (5), Fabregas (6), Matic (4), Willian (5), Oscar (5), Hazard (7), Costa (6).
 Used subs:  Ramires (5), Salah (4).
 Man of the Match:  Harry Kane
</content>