<title>Premier League: Crystal Palace continue their good form with a 2-0 win over Cardiff</title>
<content>
Cameron Jerome and Marouane Chamakh secured a third win in four games for Crystal Palace as they beat Cardiff 2-0.
The hosts came out of the blocks in a rapid fashion, with the pace and strength of Jerome causing plenty of problems early on.
It didn't take long for Cardiff to succumb to the threat either. Jerome heading home from Jason Puncheon's cross after six minutes to give them a crucial lead.
An integral win was secured just before the hour mark, as Chamakh calmly volleyed home from 18 yards to make it two goals in two for the Moroccan striker but, more importantly, two wins from two for a battling Palace side.
With both sides staring down the barrel of a Premier League relegation battle, two of the three promoted sides from last season will perhaps have looked at this game as a potential win.
Palace sat in 19th, four places below their visitors Cardiff before the game, with just four points separating them, placing further emphasis on the importance of the game.
Jerome's physical attributes proved difficult for Cardiff to handle straight from the kick-off, and he provided a warning to Cardiff after five minutes when he nearly latched on to a through ball before Steven Caulker recovered well.
Just a minute later, Jerome came out on top however. After battling to keep the ball around three Cardiff shirts, the ball found a way to Puncheon out wide. After cleverly cutting inside to evade his marker, the winger chipped in a perfect cross for Jerome to head home from six yards.
Palace had the next chance, coming on 16 minutes for Barry Bannan as he cut inside, but his right-footed shot curled wide when he should have done better.
Cardiff's troubles away from home didn't seem to be close to subsiding in the first half, and their only real moment of promise came when Jordon Mutch won a free-kick from Danny Gabbidon on 38 minutes, but Peter Whittingham's delivery was found wanting.
The visitors started a little brighter after the break, with a Whittingham corner creating problems and Craig Noone nearly picking out Jordon Mutch in the Palace area, but Tony Pulis' side stood tall in the face of pressure.
It paid dividends soon after, with first Chamakh and then Jerome testing David Marshall in the Cardiff goal as Palace searched for a vital second.
Having scored the winner against West Ham in midweek, Chamakh came into this game with increased confidence and it certainly showed.
The Moroccan grabbed his deserved goal on 58 minutes, volleying home with the outside of his boot from the edge of the area before wheeling away to celebrate.
Cardiff substitute Peter Odemwingie should have reduced the arrears five minutes later, heading over when just six yards out.
From then on it was all Palace, as Jerome, Chamakh and Bannan continued to torment the visiting defence.
A third goal nearly came after 70 minutes when Kagisho Dikgacoi and Cameron Jerome combined to help a corner towards goal, before Marshall recovered excellently to pull off a stunning save, with replays showing the ball was just in front of the line.
Jerome should have wrapped the victory up with 10 minutes to go, after Bannan did brilliantly to find him unmarked in the area, but the striker couldn't adjust to find the finish.
Palace saw out the win with ease however, to move to within just a point of Cardiff, who dropped one place in the league with yet another away defeat.
</content>