<title>Premier League: Sunderland win 3-0 at Newcastle again</title>
<content>
Sunderland won 3-0 at Newcastle for a second successive season as they proved too good in the Tyne-Wear derby.
Two goals in four minutes midway through the first half set Sunderland on their way as Fabio Borini converted a penalty before Adam Johnson swept home.
Johnson hit a post before the win was wrapped up 10 minutes from time when Jack Colback fired into the top corner.
The home fans were quick to boo Alan Pardew's men off the pitch as the Black Cats cruised to a second successive 3-0 victory at St James' Park.
Sunderland's third derby victory on the trot was fully deserved with Newcastle porous at the back and ineffective in front of goal, with loan signing Luuk de Jong ponderous after his half-time introduction, while the Black Cats were solid in their own half and clinical in the other.
Newcastle were bordering on shambolic before the break as Sunderland took the game to their hosts after the early skirmishes.
Lone striker Jozy Altidore, who was made to look pedestrian by non-league Kidderminster in the FA Cup, terrorised Mike Williamson and Steven Taylor.
And with Borini and Johnson running riot out wide and Colback and Ki Sung-yueng dominant in front of quietly impressive debutant Liam Bridcutt in the middle, the visitors were a constant threat.
It might have been different for the home side had full-back Mathieu Debuchy blasted a second-minute shot inside the post rather than past it, but things started to turn sour shortly afterwards.
An unmarked Marcos Alonso flashed a fifth-minute header over Tim Krul's crossbar and Borini only just failed to connect with Johnson's long ball three minutes later.
But the Black Cats went ahead with 19 minutes gone when Phil Bardsley went down under Vurnon Anita's clumsy challenge and referee Phil Dowd pointed to the spot.
Borini smashed the ball high to Krul's right and was promptly booked for his delirious celebration, and worse was to follow for both the keeper and Newcastle.
Only four more minutes had elapsed when the Dutchman had to claw  Colback's deflected shot away, but Johnson was on hand to tap home with the keeper berating full-back Davide Santon afterwards.
The Magpies were bereft creatively without Cabaye's influence and, with Sunderland denying Hatem Ben Arfa and Sammy Ameobi time and space to run at them, lone striker Shola Ameobi was seeing little of the game.
His only real contribution during the opening 45 minutes was an aimless header and two equally wayward shots, but he was not alone with both Santon, handed the responsibility for set-pieces in the post-Cabaye era, and Moussa Sissoko wasting promising opportunities.
Pardew made his move at the break when he handed De Jong a debut in place of Sammy Ameobi, and the newcomer forced a 52nd-minute save from Vito Mannone after Sissoko, Anita and Ben Arfa had linked well.
The Magpies had a better look about them as the second half unfolded, with Sissoko running at Sunderland and Ben Arfa seeing more of the ball. But with Bardsley and Johnson doubling up when the latter was in possession, he was struggling to make an impact.
The home side started to find some momentum and Mannone had to pull off a fine save to keep Tiote's 64th-minute effort out of his top corner, and Shola Ameobi sent a towering header wide from the resulting corner.
However, Sunderland continued to threaten and Johnson was unfortunate to see his shot come back off the foot of the post with Krul beaten seconds later after a mesmerising run.
Ameobi might have done better after being played in over the top by Krul with 72 minutes gone, but Mannone blocked his toe-poke.
Altidore should have killed the game off when he found himself in on Krul seconds later and failed to round the keeper, but Colback was not so wasteful 10 minutes from time to wrap up the win.
</content>