<title>Premier League: Artur Boruc's penalty save earns Southampton 0-0 draw at Norwich</title>
<content>
Artur Boruc's last-gasp penalty save from Grant Holt earned Southampton a goalless draw at Norwich.
Holt had the chance to win the game deep into injury-time when he was pushed over by Luke Shaw inside the box, but Boruc came to Southampton's rescue with a superb save to keep out the striker's spot-kick.
Defeat would have been harsh on Southampton who created the better of the goalscoring chances at a snowy Carrow Road.
After a scrappy opening period Southampton started to take control and created their first chance of the game on 18 minutes when Gaston Ramirez and Rickie Lambert linked up to tee up Adam Lallana who drilled in a shot which was tipped over the crossbar by Mark Bunn.
Bunn came to Norwich's rescue just before the half hour when Lambert sent Ramirez in on goal down the left and seeing the keeper off his line the Uruguayan tried to chip Bunn only for the keeper to jump full stretch to claw the ball to safety.
Seconds later Norwich created their best chance of the half when Robert Snodgrass fired in a swerving free-kick from 30 yards out which Boruc did well to keep out.
Norwich had claims for a penalty waved away just before the break when Holt went down in the box after appearing to be tugged back by Shaw, but referee Mark Clattenburg waved away the home side's appeals.
Southampton missed a great chance to break the deadlock five minutes into the second half when Javier Garrido's sloppy clearance fell straight to Lallana, but with the goal at his mercy he drove his shot over the top.
Maya Yoshida made a brilliant interception to deny Norwich a certain goal soon after when he blocked Snodgrass' cross from reaching Holt six yards from goal.
Southampton created another opening on the hour mark when Rodriguez saw his effort palmed out by Bunn and the ball fell to Lambert, but he could not keep his effort down and it flew over the crossbar.
Yoshida again came to Southampton's rescue 15 minutes from time when he got back to rob Snodgrass after the Norwich man rounded Boruc and looked certain to score.
The game looked to be a drifting away until Norwich won their first Premier League penalty of the season in stoppage time for Shaw's push on Holt.
Holt stepped up from the spot, but Boruc repelled the effort to earn Southampton a precious point in their battle against relegation.
After the match Southampton boss Mauricio Pochettino admitted his <a href='http://www1.skysports.com/football/news/11095/8552746/Southampton-boss-Mauricio-Pochettino-unhappy-with-penalty-in-draw-at-Norwich' class='instorylink'>anger that the penalty was awarded </a>against his side.
"Yes I was angry, it is not a penalty," said Pochettino. "It was not a penalty on the pitch and not on TV.
"Artur had a great save we saved one point and actually the team deserved to get three points.
"The team fought really hard today and the result could have been worse with the penalty given in the last minute."
And Norwich manager <a href='http://www1.skysports.com/football/news/11709/8552886/Norwich-boss-Chris-Hughton-disappointed-to-miss-late-penalty-in-Southampton-draw' class='instorylink'>Chris Hughton</a> was left to rue Holt's failure to convert from 12 yards in the closing moments.
"It was disappointing not to score at that stage of the game," Hughton told Sky Sports.
"It was the first penalty we have had all season. We were fortunate enough to win our last home game in the last few minutes and it would have been nice to do it today but I think these were two fairly even teams.
"There were minimal chances, they had a very good chance in the second half and I think Robert Snodgrass had the best chance of the game and we should have had a penalty towards the end of the first half."
</content>