<title>Premier League: James Wilson nets twice as Manchester United beat Hull City</title>
<content>
A debut brace from James Wilson helped Manchester United to a 3-1 win over Hull City on a night which saw Old Trafford bid farewell to Nemanja Vidic.
Robin van Persie was also back among the goals on a productive night for United, with Matty Fryatt offering a solitary reply for the visitors.
Temporary United boss Ryan Giggs opted to place his trust in two teenage talents from the start on Tuesday as Tom Lawrence also made his Premier League bow, while he named himself among the substitutes alongside Vidic.
The departing hero, who is on his way to Inter Milan at the end of the season, had to wait just 22 minutes before making his introduction, with an unfortunate injury to England World Cup hopeful Phil Jones forcing him from the field.
Wilson then got United up and running as he crashed home a volley just past the half-hour mark after Marouane Fellaini had nodded an Adnan Januzaj free-kick back into his path.
He then grabbed his second of the game on 61 minutes after Januzaj had raced clear to tee up Fellaini and his close range effort was parried by Eldin Jakupovic for Wilson to turn into an empty net.
United looked to have the game wrapped up at that point, but within two minutes Fryatt had snatched a lifeline for Hull as he muscled his way into space 25 yards out and whipped a curling drive past the outstretched hand of David de Gea.
There was to be no late sting, though, as Van Persie stepped off the bench, replacing Wilson, to prod home right-footed with four minutes remaining and keep United in the hunt for a top-six finish and Europa League qualification.
Wilson threatened to steal the limelight as early as the second minute when he shaped to shoot inside the box, but Alex Bruce came to the rescue with a diving interception.
Januzaj slipped into the box after latching on to Antonio Valencia's chip, but he was hacked down by Figueroa. Referee Craig Pawson waved play on despite the protests of the home side.
United's early dominance started to fizzle out. The hosts were then forced into an early change when Jones and Figueroa clashed shoulder to shoulder while in mid-flight. Jones came off worse and was immediately substituted.
Vidic came on to huge applause and a standing ovation.
The crowd were on their feet again on the half hour as Wilson scored the opener. The youngster volleyed home from close range after knocked down Januzaj's free-kick at the back post.
Steve Bruce brought on Fryatt and Yannick Sagbo on at the break. United remained on top though. Januzaj drew a top-class save from Premier League debutant Jakupovic.
The night belonged to Wilson though. The striker was in the right place at the right time to fire United 2-0 up on the hour. The ball dropped his way after Jakupovic spilled Fellaini's shot and he tucked the ball home.
Those celebrations were cut short a minute later when Fryatt knocked the ball past Carrick and blasted a 25-yard shot past De Gea.
Wilson then received a standing ovation and a pat on his back from his manager as he was replaced by Van Persie.
Giggs caused the biggest cheer of the night when he started warming up. After a brief wait, he then entered the field in place of Lawrence.
Every time Giggs touched the ball he was urged to shoot, but he resisted the temptation with three minutes to go, playing the ball forward to Van Persie who fired past Jakupovic at the second attempt after seeing his initial attempt blocked.
Meyler drew the ire of United fans by sinking his studs into Januzaj's shin, but the foul went unpunished.
Giggs had the chance to end night in the perfect fashion, but Jakupovic pulled off a fantastic save to stop his curling free-kick from 25-yards.
Giggs and Vidic then both gave emotional speeches to the crowd before disappearing down the tunnel.
</content>