<title>Hammers held by Baggies</title>
<content>
West Ham remain rooted to the foot of the Premier League after being held to a frustrating 2-2 home draw against West Brom.
A dull game was tempered only by the occasional foray forward from the Baggies, who looked threatening with Peter Odemwingie spearheading the front-line.
The in-form striker netted when Luis Boa Morte tangled with Steven Reid in the box. Referee Mike Dean pointed the spot for the foul and Odemwingie sent Robert Green the wrong way with a cool spot-kick to put the visitors ahead on 38 minutes.
An irate Avram Grant berated Dean as the play continued but he did not have to wait long for his team to draw level as Scott Parker seized on a loose ball to crash a stunning 30-yard strike into the top corner after Carlton Cole's persistence had dispossessed a dithering Paul Scharner.
Grant celebrated by hurling his water bottle down the touchline and the Israeli could thank the official for a fortunate decision in his team's favour five minutes after the turnaround when Gabriel Tamas was adjudged to have sent Kieron Dyer tumbling.
The push was a soft one but Frederic Piquionne made the most of the opportunity with a fine spot-kick, only for poor defending to allow Pablo Ibanez to nod home a leveller for Albion as he ghosted in to meet Chris Brunt's inviting centre with 19 minutes left.
Dyer, in for the injured Valon Behrami, looked lively during the opening exchanges as the home side took the initiative.
However, the Baggies also passed the ball around crisply and Odemwingie sent in a low, angled effort from the edge of the penalty area which Hammers goalkeeper Green gathered.
West Brom broke quickly after defending a corner and had men over as Jerome Thomas charged down the middle. However, the midfielder elected to shoot, but could only fire a tame 20-yard effort straight at Green.
West Ham continued to have plenty of possession but failed to find a telling pass with which to open up the visitors' defence.
Cole headed a corner just over the crossbar but there were still too many stray passes from the home side - with Hammers fans growing increasingly frustrated.
Green was alert to punch away Brunt's curling free-kick from the right, with the follow-up shot deflected behind. From the resulting corner West Brom were awarded a penalty when referee Dean spotted Boa Morte had bundled over Reid in a crowded penalty area.
Boa Morte was shown the yellow card, before Odemwingie sent Green the wrong way to give the Baggies the lead after 38 minutes. Upton Park was left in stunned silence, but replays showed the referee was spot-on.
The home side looked to get themselves on level terms before the break, but again lacked a decisive pass in the final third.
However, out of the blue, midfielder Parker smashed a 25-yard effort into the top-left corner as the Boleyn Ground erupted.
Danny Gabbidon's close-range header was held by Scott Carson, who then saved from Boa Morte at his near post as the Hammers continued to press. Boa Morte was somewhat fortunate to escape a second booking when he went in late on Graham Dorrans, but received only a stern talking to.
The referee then pointed to the spot again in the 50th minute, this time in West Ham's favour as Dyer dashed into the right side of the penalty area and was barged over by Gabriel Tamas.
With regular penalty taker Mark Noble out injured, Piquionne stepped up to fire the Hammers into the lead.
The home fans were in uproar as Parker was left in a heap in front of the advertising boards following a sliding challenge by Thomas which went unpunished.
It was almost 3-1 when Mexico winger Pablo Barrera dashed down the left before feeding Dyer on the penalty arc, and his clever first-time flick released Piquionne on the overlap.
However, the Frenchman's angled drive flew inches wide of the far post.
West Brom substitute Simon Cox then almost had an immediate impact when he drilled a 25-yard effort just wide. Green then plucked Odemwingie's snapshot out of the air as the visitors looked for an equaliser.
It was 2-2 after 71 minutes when Brunt delivered a lovely deep cross from the left which was met by Ibanez at the far post, who powered a header back into the opposite corner.
The hosts sent on Victor Obinna and Benni McCarthy as they pressed for a winner, yet despite a couple of half-chances, West Brom held out for a point. West Ham, though, need a win against Blackpool on Saturday if they are to climb clear of trouble.
</content>