<title>Premier League: Chris Smalling scores twice as Manchester United beat Burnley 3-1</title>
<content>
Chris Smalling came off the bench to score twice as Manchester United beat Burnley 3-1 at Old Trafford and moved back into the Champions League places.
Headers from Smalling either side of a Danny Ings goal gave the hosts the lead at the break, despite Burnley being well on top for most of the first half, and Robin van Persies late penalty secured the victory for Louis van Gaals men.
Ings missed two close-range chances and Ashley Barnes fired wide, but the visitors challenge faded as the game went on and United continued their fine run of home form.
The result moves United back above Arsenal and Southampton into third place as they made it three Premier League wins in their last four outings.
Burnley gave the hosts an early warning as Michael Keane headed a glorious chance wide from a corner, before Van Gaals men opened the scoring from a set piece of their own.
Seconds after Phil Jones limped off and Smalling replaced him, the defender rose high to meet Radamel Falcaos header back across the box from a United corner, and he nodded into the net to put the hosts in front inside six minutes.
Their lead didnt last long, though, as red-hot striker Ings levelled things six minutes later, meeting Kieran Trippiers superb ball in from the right to power a diving header past David de Gea and into the top corner.
Sean Dyches men had United rattled and continued to press and harry their opponents, causing all sorts of problems in the hosts half. An Ings volley was parried away before Barnes went close as he fired a first-time shot just wide of De Geas post.
But it was Van Gaals side who led at the break as Smalling grabbed his second three minutes into first-half stoppage time, meeting Angel Di Marias cross at the far post and nodding into the net past a helpless Tom Heaton.
Ings had a chance to level things shortly after the break as his flick for George Boyd set the visitors away. Boyds cross from the right was missed by two defenders, but Ings could only hit his shot straight at the goalkeeper.
Neither side could make much of an impact as the game wore on, but the killer blow came on 82 minutes as Di Maria raced into the box and Scott Arfield brought him down. The referee pointed to the spot to award United their first penalty of the season, which Van Persie hammered into the corner of the net.
Di Maria then hit a shot straight at Heaton before Adnan Januzaj saw his low shot cleared off the line with the goalkeeper beaten, but it wouldnt matter as the hosts completed their victory to go back up into third place.
 Charlie Nicholas verdict 
"Not a great performance, but all of a sudden theyre third. How does that happen? I still dont think theyre good enough. If they keep playing like this I dont see how they can make the top four.
"They were awful defensively, and going forward Falcao was sluggish and Rooneys too deep for me. I know they keep winning and theyre in the top four  as long as that happens, they dont really care."
 Player ratings 
 Manchester United:  De Gea (7), McNair (6), Jones (5), Evans (5), Rojo (6), Blind (6), Di Maria (7), Rooney (6), Januzaj (7), Van Persie (6), Falcao (5).
 Used s  ubs:  Smalling (8), Herrera (6), Wilson (6).
 Burnley:  Heaton (7), Trippier (7), Keane (7), Shackell (6), Mee (6), Boyd (6), Arfield (5), Jones (5), Kightly (7), Barnes (6), Ings (8).
 Used subs:  Vokes (6), Jutkiewicz (6).
 Man of the match: Chris Smalling 
 See all the Premier League goals on SSNHQ from midnight - or from 6am on Good Morning Sports Fans. 
</content>