<title>Rio Ferdinand in disappointing QPR debut as Hull City spoil Premier League return</title>
<content>
Rio Ferdinand endured a QPR debut to forget as Hull City spoiled Rangers' return to the Premier League, coming away with a 1-0 win.
Key moments from Hull City's 1-0 win at QPR
A close-run thing between James Chester and Curtis Davies but the Tigers skipper just shades it for a composed performance against a handful of a striker in Loic Remy.
Charlie Austin's spot-kick wasn't the best but Allan McGregor did well to anticipate the direction of the penalty and get down to save.
Tom Ince had a great chance to wrap the game up for the Tigers after being fed well by substitute Stephen Quinn but he was denied by Rob Green.
Tale of two penalties. Chester seemed to be harshly penalised for hand ball while Hull had a good shout of their own when Jelavic was bundled over by Traore in the first half.
Ferdinand  released by Manchester United in the summer  was out-muscled by James Chester at the far post, allowing the Tigers defender to head in Stephen Quinns 52nd minute corner for what proved the winner.
But Hull had keeper Allan McGregor to thank for preserving the three points with the keeper saving Charlie Austins late penalty after Chester was harshly penalised for hand ball.
Ferdinand had a chance himself to grab the equaliser moments before the spot-kick but his tame effort was hacked off the line by Tom Huddlestone.
Harry Redknapp's side enjoyed the majority of possession during the contest butRangers were ultimately made to pay the price for a lack of cutting edge in thefinal third.
Instead, it was Chester who made the decisive contribution as he earned the Tigerstheir first win at Loftus Road since 1963.
Loic Remy, who could have been wearing the red of Liverpool had he not failed a medical earlier this summer, was certainly the home side's greatest threat but Hull's well-organised defence did just enough to keep the Frenchman at bay.
City enjoyed the better of the opening period, but the hosts established afoothold and were almost gifted a breakthrough when McGregor failed to shepherdthe ball out of play for a goal-kick and Austin stole possession out wide.
The striker could have tried a long-range shot into the open net but instead heteed up Jordon Mutch at the back post, who missed the ball completely on hisweaker right foot.
Remy, who was lacklustre early on, grew into the game and started causingHull's back three problems with his direct running in behind.
Just before the half-hour mark, the striker earned a free-kick on the edge of the area which Joey Barton clipped into the side-netting, and moments later he again broke free to find Mutch, who headed narrowly wide.
QPR continued to look the more likely scorers and almost broke the deadlockbefore half-time as Steven Caulker rose highest to a corner, but his header wascleared off the line by Andrew Robertson.
The home side started the second half brightly but it was Hull who grabbed theopener in the 52nd minute when Chester out-muscled Ferdinand andheaded home.
Rangers responded positively to going behind but, for all their possession andforward-running, were unable to carve out a decisive chance.
Instead, it was the visitors who should have doubled their lead when Tom Ince was put through on the counter-attack, but the 22-year-old's tame finish was blocked by the legs of Rob Green.
Redknapp threw on Junior Hoilett, Bobby Zamora and Matt Phillips in the latter stages in search of an equaliser, and it was Hoilett who earned his side a spot-kick when his cross was adjudged to have struck the hand of Chester six minutes from time.
Austin stepped up and fired low to McGregor's right but the Hull keeper readthe shot and palmed the ball away.
Zamora and Remy both had chances to equalise in the dying moments but the former took too long and the latter was denied by McGregor as Hull held on for all three points.
</content>