<title>Jordi joy as Wigan upset Albion</title>
<content>
Wigan climbed off the foot of the Premier League table after winning for the second successive game on the road thanks to a 2-1 victory at West Brom.
Steven Reid had given the hosts the lead only for Victor Moses to restore parity and Jordi Gomez's second-half penalty was enough to claim the decisive three points at the Hawthorns.
The opening goal came from an unexpected source as Gary Caldwell felled Shane Long on the edge of the area and full-back Reid drove his right-footed effort over the wall and past the statuesque Ali Al Habsi.
However, the lead lasted just four minutes as Youssouf Mulumbu failed to make a routine clearance allowing Moses time to bag his first goal for 13 months with a nonchalant curler from 15 yards.
The visitors won the game after Reid brought Moses crashing to the ground with a clumsy challenge just before the hour mark which allowed Gomez to net his third goal in his last four games and ensured back-to-back away wins.
Roberto Martinez's side have now collected seven points from the last four games to revive their survival hopes.
West Brom made a positive start and Latics keeper Al Habsi fingertipped a powerful 20-yard drive from skipper Chris Brunt onto the bar.
The Northern Irishman also had a cross headed just wide by Jonas Olsson.
Brunt saw plenty of the ball in the early stages and when his pass found Jerome Thomas, the latter's volley was blocked.
Moses had the first shot on goal for Wigan but dragged his effort a couple of yards wide.
Peter Odemwingie found Thomas in space and his shot was deflected over his own bar by Wigan defender Ronnie Stam.
After 32 minutes a superb free-kick from Reid put Albion in front with his first goal of the campaign.
Caldwell was penalised for a foul on Odemwingie 25 yards out, although Latics boss Martinez made his feelings about the decision known to the fourth official.
Up stepped Reid and curled his shot past the defensive wall and into the roof of the net with Al Habsi stranded.
Caldwell made an important block to deny Odemwingie a second goal for Albion before Wigan levelled through Moses.
Midfielder Mulumbu cut out a cross from Mohamed Diame but the ball fell into the path of Moses who curled his shot past Ben Foster.
Long charged down an attempted clearance from Caldwell early in the second period before attempting to pick out the run of Brunt with his cross.
But Maynor Figueroa made a vital headed clearance and Brunt needed treatment before he could continue after the pair collided.
Long continued to pose the main threat for Albion, although he over-hit his pass for Odemwingie after a surging run towards the Wigan box.
But after 57 minutes Wigan went ahead through Gomez's penalty. Reid felled Moses and up stepped Gomez to send Foster the wrong way with his penalty.
Wigan were growing in confidence and Moses had Foster back-pedalling to collect a long-range chip after spotting the keeper off his line.
Al Habsi produced a low save to turn aside a header by Long from Nicky Shorey's centre but Albion were posing little threat.
Moses had a shot blocked when Conor Sammon was in space on the edge of the Baggies box.
The nearest Albion came to salvaging a point was when Long headed against a post from Thomas' centre.
</content>