<title>Dzeko nets vital win</title>
<content>
Edin Dzeko's first Premier League goal handed Manchester City a vital win over relegation-threatened Blackburn.
David Silva hit the post as City dominated the early exchanges before Jason Roberts had a penalty claim turned down after being caught by Vincent Kompany in the box.
Dzeko then came off the substitutes' bench to win it for the visitors with 15 minutes remaining after Silva's shot was deflected into his path by Phil Jones.
It was his first top-flight goal at the 10th attempt since his 27million switch from Wolfsburg in January.
The win lifted Roberto Mancini's side four points clear of Spurs in the race for fourth place and the coveted UEFA Champions League spot, while Steve Kean's strugglers remain a point above the drop zone.
After beating Manchester United and securing a place in the FA Cup final, it was no surprise the visitors started brightly.
City almost took the lead in the third minute with a sweeping move that unlocked the home side. Pablo Zabaleta delivered the ball from the right and Gareth Barry touched it to Silva.
The Spanish forward connected perfectly only to see his shot hit the post and come back out.
Blackburn again found themselves on the back foot four minutes later when City won a free-kick 25 yards out, but Mario Balotelli's effort was gathered cleanly by goalkeeper Paul Robinson.
The visitors kept up the pressure and Zabaleta saw his cross cleared by Phil Jones in the 17th minute.
From the resulting corner Barry's header was cleared off the line by Michel Salgado.
Play switched down the other end and Roberts had a claim for a penalty dismissed by referee Andre Marriner following a challenge by Kompany.
Then Phil Jones showed some invention to go on a galloping run and link up with Martin Olsson before being crowded out.
City responded and Balotelli carved out an opening for himself in the 39th minute only to see his effort blocked.
But the momentum was now with Blackburn and Chris Samba saw his towering header go narrowly wide of the post a minute later after being set up by Salgado.
City were being stretched and Roberts was allowed room to deliver the ball into the area, but Zabaleta made the clearance.
City started the second half like they did the first and Robinson took no chances and pushed over a close-range header from Yaya Toure following a cross from Silva.
However, Blackburn almost took the lead in the 50th minute following a swift counter-attack.
Brett Emerton picked out the unmarked Roberts in the box, but could not direct his header on goal before Olsson got on the end of it and sent a shot into the side netting.
But it was City who almost edged in front in the 68th minute when Silva carved out an opening only to find the wrong side of the post with his curling effort.
Adam Johnson was replaced by Dzeko in the 72nd minute and he responded three minutes later with the decisive goal.
Silva shot and Jones only succeeded in sending his clearance straight to Dzeko, who smashed it home without hesitation.
Blackburn, however, should have drawn level in the 87th minute, but Jones headed over from close range and then Olsson's long-range free-kick was blocked by Joe Hart in stoppage time.
While City celebrated at the end, these are worrying times for the home side, who remain one point outside the bottom three with four matches to go.
</content>